three-two-one Gregory Joseph sober
October's over but uh we could we were
allowed to smoke cigars during silver
October for whatever reason but they do
get you high they do give you a nice
little but they do yeah it's weird that
that's like thought of us being a
sobriety thing is it really I mean if
you're smoking people smoke cigarettes
when they're sober yeah all those
fucking AAA guys right those guys were
always those guys will tell you you
can't have a non-alcoholic beer
which I do I haven't done a I've been
out of drink it'll be fuckin 30 years
next month that I haven't had a drink
didn't you have like one or two when me
need I may need I had some Scotch that's
a weird one right I had like I didn't
get drunk but I had like a few shots did
you like feel weird about that I've been
all those years I think I felt so weird
about him being dead that the whole
thing felt surreal anyway and I haven't
really haven't had the desire I can't
say had can't have the desire it's more
of just like you you feel like there's
times where you want to just do what
everybody else is doing and just chill
out you see everybody getting more
mellow and relaxed and social and
especially if I'm in a situation where
you know it's a bunch of people I don't
know that well maybe it's your kids
friends parents in a nice glass of wine
took the edge off dude dude
but she did the the couple glasses of
scotch and then you didn't go right back
to it
alright you became a 21 year old drunk
Greg again right well a lot of us do
with my father and he was an alcoholic
and I saw I saw his depression the guy
the same depression as he does and I
felt I felt like when I drank it wasn't
always for fun it was a lot of times it
was like dealing with feelings and
bullshit like that
and so I saw him as a nun
the guy who was unfulfilled in a lot of
ways and I saw the alcohol was a big
part of why his life wasn't but it would
it could have been and I just sort of
feel like you know maybe maybe I could
drink but maybe I can't
why fuckwit know why fuck with it I'll
tell you what ma'am I just got done with
a whole month of being sober and then I
had my first drinks this weekend I felt
like shit no kidding felt like shit yeah
I had a couple of glasses of wine went
to play pool and I was having a hard
time focusing on the ball like three
glasses of wine yeah that's all it takes
three glasses of wine I'm having a hard
time seeing all right it took like cuz
everything's all just a little off it
took like an hour before my liver
processed it enough where I could play
pool well again do you think you just
lost your your tolerance tolerance yeah
for sure yeah I mean I never never been
a big drinker anyway but it was
interesting doing sets that's what's
always interested it sound like a shot
before I go onstage I always like to do
a shot of Jack yeah we're going to say
just whoa music for you a little bit of
whiskey
Wow big show just one shot yeah yeah
Brian Regan one shot of frozen
peppermint schnapps before he goes peach
schnapps it gives you like this yeah
yeah but it's not necessary no no it's
definitely not I mean I did a lot of
shows this month stone-cold sober but
it's um is it weird though the human
condition that we're born with this set
of you know this brain and this these
neurological pathways and this
relationship to the universe and the
people around us and that we want to
whether it's smoking pot or drinking or
taking opiates we want to change the
natural state of our brain yeah isn't
that fucking weird because it's all we
talk about all people talk about do what
jus last week dude we got fucked up I
changed my brain I made myself dumber
all week and I made myself dumber get a
bunch of stupid shit I should have never
done stupid shit yeah because in our
natural state we don't do goofy shit
enough right but then I learned when I
quit drinking that I could be just as
crazy people didn't realize I quit I've
been hanging out with my same friends in
the same bars till 4:00 in the morning
we'd go to a wedding I'd be the last guy
on the dance floor first guy on the
dance floor and I just was like you know
this doesn't have to change me you know
yeah you can just enjoy fun you just
enjoyed fun it takes a little bit more
of I think you have to sort of break
through walls a little bit more as
opposed to just the booze does that for
you yeah but you can still get there
dad's a good way of looking at it the
one one thing that I found it affects my
writing marijuana is like steroids for
writing oh my goodness really free like
oh my goodness yeah yeah just dude this
weekend soon as I started getting high
again I'm fucking my notebook full no
she was crazy ideas
yeah man half more dog shit first yeah
yeah half of them at least have them
half would be you're doing pretty well
it's pretty good right yeah but I got a
few that I'm like oh there's something
in this there's something in this one
definitely something in this one so is
it like after the show you get high and
then you ready where you do it during
the day well I didn't do any shows this
weekend because I was in New York for
the UFC and I had some friends that I
was gonna see why I was down there my
friend Tommy so I was playing pool with
him uh-huh
and Hinchcliffe came with me to he plays
pool too I just decided to not do comedy
this weekend I'm like I'm here for the
UFC I only get a chance to see Tommy
it's like one of my good friends from
fucking 25 years ago more 28 years ago
maybe yeah I might know him for almost
30 years I've known him for fucking ever
you know we've become old men together
yeah but uh you know we get together and
play pool too like 2 o'clock in the
morning I haven't had a chance to do
that forever I don't really get a chance
to do it once a year when I see him so I
decided not to do any shows but just
while we were playing I was just getting
all these ideas generally I like writing
at night when everyone's asleep that's
my favorite time to write I like to come
home from the store and I sit around
with the laptop and they're just
writing mm-hmm just force myself to use
right for an hour so just just write
just freeform just get it all down yeah
I have a subject to start I don't try to
write like in joke form I try to write
like essays and then I try to extract
ideas out of those and then turn those
in the material yeah yeah that's the way
to do it it's like it's like I I see
this thing called the writer's way which
is this great great way that if you're
not just for writing but just to get
your creativity flowing and one of the
things you do is you get out of bed in
the morning and you don't have your
coffee you just take a piss you don't
have take a piss you can shit like if
you want a shit you can shit you know
loud - you're allowed to shit okay as a
matter of fact I think that probably
helps a lot No oh yeah you don't want
the shit inside we're trying to write
also what better feeling than your anus
like Reap uh curd after delivering like
that it's just a little halo over the
log floating in the water yeah and then
you sit down and you write for you write
three pages non-stop you don't let the
pen stop and then you go about your day
and you get out it's amazing what your
subconscious will get out when you just
keep the pen flowing and like you said a
lot of it's garbage but within it
there's gonna be a couple kernels that
are good yeah that's how creativity
works with me I mean I'm not I'm not a
consistent hitter I'm not a 500 hitter
in terms of creativity yes if I get half
half is amazing have to be maybe 500 is
amazing yeah you know most of its
garbage yeah sometimes I go back and
just like just it gets frustrating
reading so much shit I wrote yeah why
what the fuck but I know what I'm doing
like when I'm writing I'm just trying to
see if I could dig some out yeah I'm
just like I'm out there with a metal
detector
yeah do you do to do it you know all
right
some guy just found some fucking
incredible ancient treasure using a
metal detector
really yeah see fine see if we can find
that Jamie Shh yeah yeah I want to say
fuck what era was it from shipwright no
no that was a different one that was
that was a guy yeah that was a crazy one
- a guy found a fucking shipwreck that
was on the beach that was exposed by a
crazy storm like a storm came along and
it pulled away so much of the sand that
a fucking shipwreck was there yeah those
guys they're walking his dog he's like
um what the fuck is this this is a boat
yeah yeah that's crazy I hear it is it's
what is that three million pounds is
that pounds war horde of six thousand
gold artifacts from 650 ad uncovered in
Staffordshire field using a $2 metal to
pound metal detector a metal detector
for $2 Wow is that pounds of euros what
is that one I think that's pretty
compounds so from 650 ad so 650 years
after Jesus is murdered shit look at
that shit look how gorgeous that is
still get the fur on the top we're
looking at a gold helmet this really
intricate carved gold helmet with a
fucking like a mohawk a fur mohawk look
at the detail I wasn't corroded at all
in that salt water all those years
yeah that's pretty amazing where's
Staffordshire was it it said it was in a
field mmm right this wasn't so this
wasn't salt water oh my God look how
beautiful that shit is that's amazing a
scabbard boss oh man you know that what
a boss it what is a boss a scabbard boss
what does that mean which is part of an
anglo-saxon horde found by Terry Herbert
Terry's ballin right now yeah Terrell
Terry what did Terry do did he sell it I
mean do you keep snot you got to keep
some of it are you a lot what happens
they're sold to museums for 3.28 five
million with the funds were split
between them he use a metal detector Oh
in the field of farmer Fred Johnson also
they split it him and Fred split it out
so they both got a million and a half
not bad but sounds two dollars it's not
the same take a second buck 20 so he's
super born yeah eighty percent of the
items identified were fittings
weapons mostly swords and research
believe it's remarkable so many were
made up from gold Wow 9 pounds of gold
included were 50 incredible rare gold
sword pommels as well as parts of a
golden helmet
fucking-a man the golden ages period of
anglo-saxon england literally this was a
period when gold was suddenly much more
available and was converted into
beautiful objects for the warrior elite
wonder why was more available what what
makes gold more available did they
figure out how to pull it out of ground
or something they hadn't started
grabbing it from other countries yet I
guess that was their own local gold look
at this in the quotation on and look at
this collection includes his believed a
battle shrine with a processional I
don't know what that word means
processional cross suggesting Christian
emblems were used as Goodluck charms for
battle on it is a quotation from the
book of number which reads rise up Lord
and let thine enemies be scattered and
let them that hate thee flee before thee
boy yeah when you'd love to hear people
talk back then yeah right it probably
was so confusing
like Game of Thrones they talk like us
but they didn't talk about Jess yeah
they had some weird lingo back then well
the game of throws is obviously fake but
it was supposed to be a long time ago
right yeah and I'm sure they research I
mean everything about that show was so
authentic I'm sure they went back and
tried to find the way people spoke at
that time well not really the record is
not really about a time it's about a
Fantasyland
well it was I think it was the War of
the Roses it was based on which was I
think around the first century wasn't it
yeah but they got fuckin the dark
knights and yeah white knights or what
oh yeah no they mixed a lot of it to get
King but I think there was a point where
the where the the the British Empire was
divided into whatever it was five or six
different oh yeah that we're all
fighting for the throne apparently no
they're gonna do a pre-cool now like
those guys that were not gonna do it
they were gonna cancel it but they're
gonna do it now I heard it got canceled
yeah I really got cancelled yeah but
there was just something a couple of
days ago that said they're they're doing
preview hundreds of years before
that's about the Targaryen 's that's
awesome
fuck yeah get back after it you fucks
come on gang and give me anything the
thing about that show is they kill
everybody so they could always have new
people yeah they fucking kill everybody
remember the red wedding holy shit here
you go
HBO finally issued a statement on the
canceled it's canceled thumbs down
what's sorry what what do they say
what's their statement they're bringing
back Arles
so they need space that's why you want
an Emmy ladies and gentlemen that's
right it what is the statement do they
have a good a good excuse
what could they're good excuse me we
suck and we hate money just as they
decide not to move forward fuck out of
here well part of the problem is that
who's the guy that wrote all the they
wrote the books that it was based on and
he wrote the first George Martin George
Martin wrote all them until they got to
the last season at last two seasons and
then he ran out of steam and that's why
they weren't as good people say that
last season wasn't as good as the rest
because it was the the two show runners
that it did it I thought the last season
was excellent up until the last episode
last episode was kind of like how do we
end this
yeah let's meet the guy in the
wheelchair King yeah let's make him gay
- yeah it's just come on man yeah you
know yeah they didn't they didn't you
know and you think about the last
episode of any show is gonna get a lot
remember how much shit Seinfeld got for
the last episode cuz they didn't do
anything and Game of Thrones did the
same thing they've they punted yeah they
didn't go for anything right
yeah the beautiful thing about news
radios last episodes we didn't know it
was our last episode mmm it was the only
time we ever thought we were gonna get
picked up ocean that was how many
seasons five the ratings were good yeah
last season we're like we did pretty
good yeah
day like fuck it's over why probably cos
filled with dead yeah you know and love
it's came back and love its replace to
fail but how many seasons was that just
one yes the final season yeah maybe I
mean who knows it was also the problem
with
the news radio was news radio was not
owned by NBC okay so it was one of those
shows where that we moved at least eight
times during the five years we were on
the air your time slot yeah just always
moving and this before the internet so
you couldn't tell people it's not like
you could tweet hey news radio is gonna
be on Monday at eight o'clock but you
don't give a fuck because you have a DVR
right just DVR right no was you you
found it when it was on yeah if you were
lucky and they didn't advertise that
much you know I was like this radio
moving to Friday at 8:00 you know it's
like it just wouldn't move around we
moved all over the floor was it inbc NBC
yeah do you ever have a good lead-in
sometimes one time we were on the
Thursday night which was the big
Seinfeld and friends and we crashed it
yeah we were like number two in the
world is that how they launched you
where that no no no I don't remember how
we launched I don't remember but I
remember one time we were on Thursday
and everybody was so excited maybe on
Thursday we'll be right after Caroline
the shitty yeah I used to call Caroline
say yeah it was a few of those shows
like the single guy like what is this
and you walked on forever because they
were owned by someone or not either NBC
or someone who had a deal with NBC
Warner Brothers or whoever it was you
know that's the weird thing about like
television shows you can last forever if
you have a good lead-in and there's
someone good after you because people
just slackjaw it and keep that TV on
yeah all right
that's how it used to be at least now I
think that models kind of out the window
no now they take that that sweet spot
after their number one show and they try
to launch something they'll put
something they like in there to get it
legs and once it's good they try to
create that and want that to be the lead
in for another show it's like you fuck
it's like baseball managing baseball
right well who the fuck would mean like
who's watching TV with commercials now
like who's sitting there and actually
watching TV with commercials like how
much time do you have and do you not
know that there are so many shows that
you could watch that don't have
commercials yeah and you could just
watch those and record that one and then
come back and watch them when it doesn't
have commercials or fast-forward through
the commercials yeah or just get Hulu
yeah we pay $10 a month and watch the
history of television from
pilots I go back and watch pilots on
Hulu that's the fuckin greatest dude the
taxi pilot I just watched recently I
forgot about taxi the taxi pilot was so
fucking heartwarming it was oh my god it
was about Alex Krieger had a daughter
that he hadn't seen he was estranged
from and he was basically like a
deadbeat dad and it was about him
reconnecting with her and the second
half of the episode was all of them in a
fucking New York taxi driving down to
Florida so he could meet his daughter
nowadays it has to be like all right
what's the simplest most basic storyline
that lets you you got to get to know
each character each relationship to
great two or three great act breaks
there's so much criteria that go into
the structure of it there's no room for
anything where's the diversity where
University def diversity where's the
inclusiveness right inclusivity was the
message was yeah yeah yeah you can't
just make a white well you mean he kind
of can Curb Your Enthusiasm is still
that HBO yeah but the network's haven't
done much
well the network's did cool stuff that's
like the office 30 rock was kind of
interesting well the dumbest thing in
the network's for sure are the
presidential debates the fact that they
take these people that are running for
the most important job in the fucking
known universe and they we're out of
time thank you thank you mr. senator
Thank You mr. senator we're out of time
thank you miss congresswoman thank you
thank you mrs. congresswoman you're out
of time
right all right yep in 80 seconds - just
fucking spill out as many words and get
your point across and try to go viral
yeah yeah and the worst part is then you
got like the the the also-rans that are
like on the edge of the they got the
last podium on the left the guys like
the mayor of Dayton and he's trying to
get headlines by taking a shot at the
real candidate hurts the Democratic
Party hook you know she just makes the
main guy look bad because he's so they
got us they got a window down the field
I think couple people just dropped out
bait O'Rourke just dropped out shocking
yeah I thought that guy had King written
all over him at the beginning at the
beginning he never did but he was this
guy that he got hot from running
against hoody run against Ted Cruz in
Texas Texas of all places he's running
against the guy who's a fucking you know
arch-conservative mm-hmm and he comes
out is is bleeding-heart liberal and
almost wins and it's like all the sudden
Texas is not a red state it's starting
to become like a purple state Purple's a
good word for it well Austin's very
weird right Austin is this super blue
area hmm in a red state yeah but it's
also got a lot of cowboys and guns and
barbecue yeah it's such a great place
fuckin great place this is one of the
best places on earth yeah really is and
people figured that out too you go there
and the fucking traffic is absurd yeah
you're like what why are you all here
yeah oh you found out it's awesome
there's a there's a great place to shoot
pool they're called the Jackalope
Jaqueline jack-o'-lantern Jackalope and
it's just like you just go in there and
fucking everybody says hi hey you want
to shoot a game let me buy you beer
excellent great fuckin music on the
jukebox and I love that place yeah it's
not well they're a little yeah I mean
they're kind of aware that it's supposed
to be kind of cool so they act a little
cool like you know keep Austin weird
those t-shirts by the way if you wear
one of those fucking t-shirts those keep
Austin weird t-shirts you're a part of
the problem you're not weird you know
you know weird and you're if you're
selling them you're a piece of shit you
just you're fucking it all up you found
this spot you're fucking doing those
those Hollywood lights you know when
they have a premiere yeah yeah I'm ruin
it let's make a documentary about why
it's cool when I first started going
there though man I was just stunned I
was like what a cool fucking place
people are educated and aware but also
southern yeah they have a southern
accent a Texas accent but they're also
educated and very friendly and
open-minded it's a very unique place and
great fucking music yeah there yeah I'm
playing I'm going to cap city oh shit
one of my favorite clubs it's great the
only club I did this whole year like on
the road oh no shit really yeah Wow
I just said I'm going there yeah cuz I
was
about four or five months after my
special and I just put together an hour
that I could kind of go on the road with
yeah you know and I'm like this is good
let's go to cap city bang out two shows
a night yeah yeah it's just a great
place man it's a fun place like I've had
so much fun there yeah like that that
Club is just it's got fun soaked into
the floorboards
hmm you know it's like just a fun it's a
club where I mean so many great comics
that perform there and say they got good
taste
yeah you know yeah they curate good
shows I mean they get they get all kinds
of comedy like Maria Bamford will be
there one week and the next week it'll
be fuckin Doug Stanhope or something
like that it's just you know they're all
over the place but it's not downtown
though that's the only thing is you got
to take a little uber into town it's
about yeah five ten minutes out yeah but
it's at nighttime it's fine the real
problem there is rush hour or they have
a real rush hour now yeah they didn't
have a real rush hour ten years ago yeah
ten years ago you get around in Austin
there's no issue I think it's where
young kids get out of college now and
when they used to go to San Francisco
now they go to Austin yeah there's a lot
of tech startups yeah there's a lot of
the tech business yeah I mean on it's
there too there's a lot of shit there on
it's there yeah unless you move on it on
it Jim's there as well hold the
factories there everything's there yeah
you go there much nothing often ya know
maybe once a year no board meetings you
have to be stoned stop looking at your
watch
so check in your fucking phone check out
my Instagram yeah let's see if anybody
posted a good Epstein didn't kill
himself me Oh fucking Epstein man what a
story what a story
and so now what did they say that it
looks like he was chin more dead
yeah his brother hired a real fucking
autopsy guy to check it out including
that guy Michael badan from that HBO
autopsy show that guy said he was
murdered you know who dinged um
you remember that show HBO autopsy now
it was a great show that was on
basically pre-internet well you would
watch these wacky fucking stories of
like people that got busted murdering
people by this this one really good
autopsy coroner and this coroner dr.
Michael Baden one of the ones I'll never
forget he took this one lady he was in
love with this lady and she died and he
stole her corpse and had it in his house
and it put a tube where her vagina was
and he'd bought cases and cases of
perfume because she was rotting in his
bed and he would just douse her and
perfume and keep fucking her dude and he
put a tube in her vagina so that he
didn't collapse well he put a tube there
so he could fuck the tube he put a fuck
hole in this dead lady's body yeah yeah
oh my god dude and apparently it was
like the smell was insane yeah like
horrific and this guy one of the I think
one of the ways they were suspicious
like why is this motherfucker buying
cases of perfume yeah but he put a mask
over her face and you know just like
just the fact that it used to be her
yeah was enough all right forget his
deal I think I want to say he was a
doctor that was and she was a patient of
his and he was in love with her huh yeah
just some dude who just had a fucking
major fuse blow yeah it just goes to
show you don't know who it's gonna be
it's it's not just some derelict on the
street could be your fucking doctor Oh
doctors are just humans man yeah they're
just humans and a lot of them have
access to drugs because of the fact that
they're doctors there was a book called
dead doctors don't lie and it was
basically the gist of the book was that
a lot of people are dealing with mineral
deficiencies and that mineral
deficiencies were will it's by a guy
named dr. Joel Wallach it's a
controversial book and his ideas are
fairly controversial but they're not
controversial in the sense that like in
animal husbandry in in agriculture
animal agriculture people are very aware
that you need to supplement the diet of
a lot of animals with minerals like for
instance like so some of the places
where I huh
they don't they don't bait animals right
these are wild animals that are in these
giant ranches but when they have like
there's a place in Utah that I go to
it's like 270,000 acres huge place but
every you know fucking mile or so they
scatter they'll put these mineral licks
and it's a mineral lick so that the the
deer and the elk get minerals in their
diet
hmm because animals like desperately
need minerals and sometimes they don't
get enough of it from their diet and
particularly from foods where the the
ground is deficient in minerals like
when you like say if you have like if
you're growing corn mono crops is what
they call mono crop agriculture you grow
in corn on like fucking 700 acres just
growing corn well when they till that
land like every year that that land has
less minerals like you're not supposed
to grow the same thing in the same place
forever right and the places that are
doing it right they do what's called
regenerative agriculture and there's a
real good argument for that's one of the
reasons why you like it's good to raise
grass-fed cattle in these areas because
the manure from the cattle actually is a
great fertilizer it was good and you and
also you know scraps from food fish and
different things you need nitrate you
need nitrogen and that nitrogen is very
difficult to get you know when you want
to put it into the ground for fertilizer
and all these other different minerals
phosphorus yeah all kinds of shit you
have to add that stuff to the soil yeah
because the topsoil has been so eroded
from continuous over farming and that
his contention was that most of us when
even if you're eating like you know
vegetables and you know you're getting
stuff at the grocery store you're
getting things that are mineral e
deficient they're not optimally
mineralized that's word I don't think
but there's not like so I take colloidal
minerals it's just a liquid form of
minerals like minerals that come from
there's a type of water that's like
very rich in mineral water that it's
called glacial milk and basically what
it is is the runoff from glaciers that
it carries an incredible amount of
minerals in it to the point where if the
water actually kind of looks kind of
milky and you can get that in some
places some places and on earth people
their water actually looks like that
because it's got so many minerals in it
yeah these people have like dark hair
and the you know there's health benefits
are attributed to that right I'm not
smart enough to know whether or not
that's accurate but there's definitely
some benefits and health benefit to
taking minerals right people go to
mineral spas I mean it was always the
that was the miracle elixir elixir yeah
do you see any minerals are taking
glacial milk yeah freshwater meets
glacial milk in Iceland look at that
that crazy damn
so that stuff on the right is just
fucking overwhelmingly packed with
minerals they just bottle that Shin I
think you know you probably could get
too many minerals too I mean there's
always like the balance what is it what
is a good intake like I don't take shit
I think sometimes I take vitamin D
vitamin D is good especially for a white
fellow like yourself you're not getting
enough Sun right right that's why I take
good and that's it d3 that's all I take
d3 is very good I take B I take D I take
I take multivitamins I take what this
call it's a company called pure pure
encapsulations and they have a a sleet
pure pack it's very nice because it's
real simple will pack it I take not a
sponsor take this packet just bring them
with me on the road open it up and just
take those it's just and then I also
take there's a there's a company called
athletic greens and they make a really
good supplement that I pour into water
and it's very easy and it's got a bunch
of different shit vitamins and metals
that is a sponsor yeah that's good
that's good too because it's its whole
food based it's not there's nothing
synthesized it's all based on food but I
think you have you really should take
something you know I mean it's so hard
to make sure that you're getting all the
vitamins that you
from your food especially when you go on
the road yeah on the road it's you know
unless you know you're getting a you
eating a really good organic restaurant
we're getting high quality vegetable
high quality meat right it's hard hotels
have gotten a lot better man in our
lifetime hotel food used to be garbage
how about Airport Airport from the
airport food's gotten great way better
got lemonade's in there yeah you can get
real food at the airport yeah yeah I'm
that's a that's a big issue man it's a
big issue for people that go on the road
because you know you're on the road like
three four days in the road eating
fucking jack-in-the-box you start
feeling like shit oh yeah and then if
you're I mean comedy club food in 50
years has not gotten any better it's
deep fried chicken wings and except
comedy magic club comedy magic second
club food give you a fucking serious
restaurant steak there you could go
there and eat a legit excellent dinner
Oh what am I saying yeah yeah yeah I've
had plenty of dinners they're very good
right they do have good ice houses good
burgers too
yeah ice house was very good burgers
uh-huh um but comedy magic love's
probably the tops you know it's good to
is hilarities and cleveland they got The
Pickwick and frolic restaurant upstairs
yes I was a restaurant I was just there
really yeah we went to see Jessie Mae
means Santino Jessie Mae was playing at
hilarities and we were over at we were
at this arena so we came down and saw
Jessie Mae and I had a prime rib it was
fuckin yeah it's good right very good
very good Nick Costas runs that place
since you've got food poisoning no oh
boy yes he did we don't know where he
got it I'm assuming it was the
vegetables I mean that's a lot of times
where people get it you get it from
things aren't washed properly you're
gonna sit out like they say that a large
percentage of food poisoning cases are
salad yeah I could see that as handled
wrong not washed correctly yeah you know
a lot of people when they get e-coli
they get it from salad because the
runoff from animal agriculture runoff
from the shit animal shit gets it yeah
water the water get some of this the
lettuce or the spinach is a big one
spent a lot of people well that's why if
you go to a third world country you
don't trust the water stay away from the
salad oh yeah that's the first thing I
say is don't eat lettuce in a third
world country good point
Yeah right like meat is meat right as
long as it's seared on the outside
you're golden oh yeah look at Anthony
bar Dan would he would Chris go to
fucking Vietnam and go to a street meat
shop where there's no running water and
he just gobble down some fucking
whatever meat you know what meat it was
well they used to drink wine when people
would travel to prevent travellers
illness mm-hmm because they didn't want
to drink water cuz if you drank what
look he found out fucking a pond
somewhere and he try to suck some water
out of it yeah like back then it wasn't
a lot you mean you got to boil it that's
it yeah you know nowadays you can get
they have a bunch of different things
you could do to water if you find it
like you could take water out of a
fucking elk wallow you know in an elk
wallow and now it's like a puddle that
elk piss in and they wallow around in it
and they get their scent on it
especially when they're running when
they're having sex with the female elk
they get in there and they piss all over
the water and they roll around in it and
so you get this muddy puddle and
sometimes hikers like if you're on some
serious fucking Trek you know you're
doing like the Appalachian Trail or
something like that yeah water scarce
you can't find a creek you got to take
the water out of an elk wallow I have
friends that have done that and you
throw it through some filters what they
do is they'll take it and they'll throw
it through filters well they'll put it
through a biological filter first so
there's like a filter that it's like a
pump but the problem is with those those
pumps can get clogged up because they're
basically taking the sediment and they
and then they're filtering it out and
then you get the water afterwards it
still tastes like piss yeah because
there's piss in it you're drinking piss
you're just drinking pissed it's not
contaminated with something that can
kill you so then a lot of times guys
even after that it takes something
called a SteriPEN you ever heard of a
stereo
stare is short for sterilization pen and
it uses some kind of light foot pull
pull up SteriPEN feet I don't want to
say this wrong but utilizing some sort
of light some sort of forget what kind
of light what is it
UV light UV light and you you keep it in
the water for a certain amount of time
it just nukes everything kills
everything but still that's amazing
tastes like piss so you drink and piss
yeah you definitely drinking piss so a
lot of times guys will take like they
sell these different there's a SteriPEN
so that little thing with that light you
spin it around inside your your glass of
water and depending upon the amount of
ounces a certain amount of time but it's
not that much time shockingly it's like
10 minutes and sometimes guys even throw
iodine tablets in water too like the
whole deal is just kill anything they
can fuck you up and just get over the
fact that it's gonna taste like piss and
then they also take like there's a bunch
of companies like it's a company called
Mountain ops they have stuff that like
you throw into the water to make the
water taste better own if you drink a
glass of that if you saw a female elk
and she started presenting you'd get
hard you get hard as a rock I think
you'd probably want to suck and helps
dick you probably gave four out no no
it's not gay if it's an animal oh yeah
right yeah interesting it's um
yeah they should get those into
third-world countries some version of
that to help people drink water yes yeah
yeah well they definitely do they
definitely do get filters and different
things like that into certain countries
you know where we're involved with fight
for the Forgotten it's my good buddy
Justin Ren
he's got a charity where they build
wells for the pygmies in the Congo oh
wow and through this podcast and through
this company a company called the cash
app they've raised thousands and
thousands of dollars and built a bunch
of wells they're in the process of
building them now and we've donated a
bunch of money to that's amazing it's
very cool but yeah my point being this
motherfucker was just here last week and
he's got a parasite they can't even
identify yeah and he's had it for six
months and he gets so fucked up like
sometimes he works out and then he gets
to the point where his his body turns
pale and he starts shaking and shivering
and they have to get him into a shower
like yeah dude they don't even know what
it is like they think do you remember
what he said it was they think it was a
type of parasite intestines like Lyme's
disease recently yeah everybody a few
things yeah what have you had no idea
they think it's in his brain
whatever it is yeah and he's been on
heavy heavy heavy antibiotics and of
course one thing that comes with heavy
antibiotics and particularly something
called cipro is you you don't just get
sick from that you also get your
ligaments become very very lacks and
they get weak and a lot of people that
come off antibiotics for a long period
of time they are subject to injuries
like athletes when they get staph
infection they put you on this heavy
dose of antibiotics but all your
ligaments get weakened the end up
tearing your ACL okay you know Terry
he's got both of his shoulders are torn
and he thinks is probably a connection
to the antibiotics that he had to take
to deal with the staff or to deal with
whatever the fuck this um this infection
is that he's got some very very strange
parasite the heat goes so deep in the
Congo it might be an unidentified
parasite and it's part of the problem is
that he's basically like a fucking lab
rat right now and he's got malaria three
different times not once not twice three
clubs yeah fucking malaria three times
did he he didn't take the anti malarial
stuff it's still well here one of the
things he got it and then he said the
anti malaria shit is so bad and it's
it's it's so rough on you that some
people would prefer to get malaria and
get it treated huh and what was the
stuff that he said that you get there's
a toxic sickness that he got from
malodor and what the fuck was it called
I think that word melodium alodia --m
there's a type of anti malaria
medication that they give to
particularly soldiers and they find that
these guys it's fucking incredibly toxic
and they found it in his brain they
found that he's got he's suffering from
poisoning from this anti-malaria
medication Wow he was on like really
high doses of this shit too if you live
somewhere like that you're supposed to
be taking it all the time constantly
what the fuck you know when they built
the the mmm the Panama Canal they went
down there the French tried to dig it
for like 50 fucking years and they drew
it
and like flies from the Millea they
didn't know was from malaria they had no
idea what was going on they just knew
people were getting sick while they were
trying to I mean the scope of that
project at that time was insane I mean
they were hand digging a fucking canal
from I mean through like thick jungle in
the middle of the country in the middle
of the country and they were just people
were getting sick and then they would
and eventually France after 50 years
said fuck it and then they just left and
then for some reason we bought it we're
like we can do it throw it down there
MEF low Queen methylene that sounds like
a queef she metal cleaned so we show up
and they realize one billet for some
bits pellets bailed out and I put it up
put it up there again so we get a mellow
queen meth flow queen sold under the
brand names larium that's what I've
heard of her medication to prevent or
treat malaria it's used to pretend to
start a potential exposure and continue
for several weeks after potential
exposure and then people get sick off of
that stuff yeah doesn't it that's
definitely okay it seems wrong like the
name team trip doesn't it that's what I
looked up I know but it just didn't seem
right to you it seems wrong to me
I don't know so I'm sure it's right but
it just so we go in and some genius goes
it's the fucking mosquitoes it's we're
getting an infection from the mosquitoes
so they've simply got rid of standing
water
they just started finding they had teams
of people every day would go out and
they find puddles and they would get rid
of the puddles and the milady they went
from going like I'm telling you one out
of three people was dying trying to dig
this tunnel and they went to almost
nobody dying
do you know malaria has killed some
insane number of people we looked it up
once I think the rumor is it's killed
half the people who have ever died every
have been killed by malaria Wow yeah
that was what I had heard I think it's
less than that that they can that they
can definitely determine was killed by
malaria but nevertheless it's a
daggering they're humans those little
dirty mosquitos yeah I think we can get
rid of them right yeah they're trying to
do that they're trying to genetically
engineer mosquitoes that don't carry
malaria and then they're also thinking
that you know this is really dangerous
really dangerous that they could just
get rid of mosquitoes period but the
problem with that is man you don't know
how all that shit's connected and what
happens if you get rid of mosquitoes so
that the beetles take over the beetles
start carrying diseases they start
biting people like what morphs like a
mosquito wasn't always a mosquito this
must be understood right a mosquito at
one point time was a single-celled
organism just like us and then it became
a mosquito and found a really good niche
right it's like this fucking mosquito
business is the shit right yeah it's
like fast food yeah I can't go wrong
mosquito business is awesome sure they
fucking go crazy yeah all they need is a
little bit of water and any living thing
that they can take a little fucking drop
of blood from did you ever go to my when
I rented a house and Encino did you ever
go to that place I don't think so the
thing was before you moved out here when
I first moved out here a Wraith have
rented this house and Encino nobody
lived in it for a couple of years and
the the fucking pool had not been taken
care of so the pool was green like the
Hulk's dick okay and I looked in the
pool and it was little things were
swimming like schools of fish and I was
like what the fuck is this and the pool
guy goes Oh bro that's mosquito larva I
was like what he goes yeah he goes we
gotta kill this now before you literally
infect the entire neighborhood with
mosquitoes like there was fish no
swimming
well like filled with mosquito have you
ever seen mosquito larvae no it was so
disturbing I was like I got to get a
hotel he's like no no we can kill we can
kill it but they had a poor like fuck if
they drain the entire pool and poured
out ones and gallons of poison in there
they just filled and I couldn't swim in
it for like six months or something I
don't know but it was so nasty you could
see this little fucker swimming yeah
like schools of fish that's amazing like
little schools down there Wow
No
water yes standing water man that's all
it takes that's why you gotta have a
fountain you little fucking bubbles
running through it we are so so lucky
when it comes to bugs out here right now
we got no bugs no bugs what we got we
got termites that's the only thing that
they're they're fucking insidious yeah
we built a fence around our house took
like six weeks they put it in and and
six months later there's fucking like
little university shavings from the vet
powder on them I'm like
you motherfuckers brought termite
infested wood to my house I know it's in
my house all set the wood yeah might say
yeah can you sue I'm probably I'm not
really a sewer what are you just a guy
who gets sad when things happen don't
say that I'm Irish yeah I'm an arsonist
I find the next project he's gonna do
take it down
so they brought wood that had termites
in it yeah for sure
well the wood had fucking termites in it
contact the contractor yeah I don't even
remember this was like 15 years ago
whatever it is fence still there yeah
but it's like I tried to screw something
into it the other day it wouldn't hold
the fucking screw it's like powder
underneath the whole thing needs to be
ripped down you could run through that
fends like the hole yeah yeah we're not
keeping anybody else the hi-c guy
meeting at my house the kool-aid guy
right hey kool-aid remember that yeah
ever happened the kool-aid guy they just
stopped that campaign that was a huge
campaign he ran through the fucking
house everywhere yeah kids were his
sitting there boy I'm thirsty
yeah picture with a face on it runs
right through your house you kids want a
fucking bucket of sugar with some water
in it boy was that delicious though oh
yeah I had some kool-aid a couple years
ago I ate at this place in what's that
shitty town in California Fresno there's
a place called goddamnit I followed them
on Instagram it's a soul food place in
Fresno trying
remember Paul's kitchen is that it chef
Paul's cafe dude you know sometimes
you're in the road you find a place
that's just fucking off the chart yeah
but if you're in Fresno ladies and
gentlemen chef Paul's cafe I fucking
give it two thumbs oh shit
five stars full-on soul food like
fucking collard greens ox tails like
phenomenal food and they also had
kool-aid ah okay well obviously I'm
going all-in I got to get the kool-aid
to I hadn't had kool-aid in probably a
decade
isn't that a sell food thing kool-aid I
don't know is their menu thing yeah they
had a bunch of crazy shit on the menu
but that's it right there
but you know it's a great restaurant in
a sketchy town yeah
Fresno sketchy as fuck I mean you got
like like we were driving down the
street there's like homeless community
Skid Row style look at that food dude
seriously chicken and waffles yeah oh my
god their food is so good their fried
chickens off the charts but the oxtail I
had oxtail there's chicken and waffles
oh that looks good it's so good man that
place is amazing and it's just super
super authentic like down-home like real
hearty comfort food there's that
kool-aid right there baby
kool-aid on the menu I mean why not man
just get all the flavors when you're at
a place like that right don't drink
water you asshole get all the flavors
get yourself some kool-aid get yourself
some kool-aid well that's what Red Bull
is isn't it's just kool-aid Red Bull has
taurine in it and taurine is actually
originally from bull come really yes
taurine is a stimulant that's derived
from bulges and Hitler used to actually
take bull come I think I found that out
from Tom Popeye was I who told how
someone told me that and we googled it I
was like what like they figured out a
way to synthesize it but taurine is one
of the actual ingredients in bulges yeah
so people used to take bulges as some
sort of a stimulant I guess here it is
Heil Hitler
oh hi Hitler medical records show fewer
are Adolf
a cocaine addict and was injected with
bull semen to help his sex life
he also took steroids he took a lot of
testosterone
he suffered from flatulence known to
break wind during meals with his
generals no they all ratted him out I
wonder if you say to a guy who's killing
millions of Jews that was offensive yeah
but smell is offense and your farts are
worse than what you've done right you
guessed them your guys on us now well he
was a vegetarian too Lizzie yeah if you
eat a lot of vegetables again broccoli
farts yeah they're famous oh yeah
because your body's breaking down all
that fiber yeah yeah I think it has
something to do also with the the
vegetables are breaking down faster than
the meat if you eat meat and vegetables
and they get caught in your intestine
that's where you get pockets of gas the
meats blocking it up for minting yeah
steaming up creating gas yeah dude I've
been farting phenomenally I enjoy
farting do you and my wife laughs at it
thank God we wouldn't still bring it
over oh yeah you don't even let her know
it's coming no it's it's an it's I will
walk in the room with a fart because she
laughs at me I don't know what it is
she thinks it's funny every fucking time
I fart yeah she is and she farts she
wishes she could fart as much as I do
but when she does she lets me know our
family does the whole family for son
farts at the dinner table we all laugh
yeah we're very open about it but do you
think that that's gonna carry on to his
next relationship I hope so I hope so
too but it's hard to find a gal that's
down with that I think you got to make
him down with it you see easy man you
start with a little one and then gently
you just you know if they smell you take
it in the other room but if it's just a
and you know your cycle usually know
what's in the tank same time the Fritos
ones sometimes you don't sometimes you
think you're floating an air biscuit and
you let on a bomb yeah yeah yeah
whenever I'm getting on a plane I try I
try to get a few out before I get on the
plane when I'm on that that ramp you
know it's weird
this is really strange I mean really
strange and not a lot of people are
aware of this when you are around
certain smells like
if you're like say if you're butchering
an animal okay we save you shot an
animal in the field and you're hunting
and you cut it up and you the smells
that come from that animal will be in
your farts even if you don't eat it
Wow it's weird no shit it's weird and I
I recognize this but I was confused by
it and then it was brought up to me by
friends that are hunting guides in
Alberta my friends John and Jen the
rivets they've got this guide service
and one of the things they hunt is bears
and bear is delicious but you have to
cook it right because you can get
trichinosis
it's like pork same kind of deal but
they smell like they're their guts and
like when you're butchering them like a
lot of times people use what's called
the gutless method
it means you you take all the meat out
without opening up the gut cavity
because if you do get that stuff on you
like it's but specifically if they've
been eating something that's rotten the
smells horrible that smell comes out in
your farts and one of their daughters
canceled school she stayed home because
she was farting so bad she was like I
can't go to school farting like this
yeah I will be a pariah but I smelt it
she farted someone's like did you have
bear yeah like if I've shot a deer in
the field and you're you're it's called
quartering it you got it you take out
the heart and the liver you eat the
heart in the liver you take out the heat
a quarter it you take like the the limbs
off you take like the legs off and you
take the meat off the back it's called
the back straps and the tenderloins you
take all that stuff out and then when
you fart you fucking smell that animal
in your farts Wow and this was addressed
actually by my friend Steve Rinella on
the show of meat-eater they were trying
to figure out why like they're like okay
this is a real thing right like
everybody talks about this like how is
it getting in you you're smelling it and
then somehow another those molecules
come out giggle all the way through your
body from you smelling it and breathing
in that air and comes out in your farts
and you smell this horrific like gut
smell
sounds like a good game show you know
you go into a room and you come out and
the contestants have to guess what
animal you just call lamb I wonder if
that's the case I mean it must be the
case with fish too like you catch a
bunch of fish you got them and then you
probably smell fish farts when you're
farting you probably smell like fish but
the weird thing is it would make sense
of your eating it right if you cooked it
and ate it that would make sense but
this is I'm telling you this is farting
when you've had none of it yet you
haven't eaten any of it but your fart
yeah you smell it I think I fart I think
you fart from getting nervous also like
if you're a nervous person I think you
fart a lot that makes sense right your
gut starts building all the juices and
stuff yeah here's farts can fight
strokes heart attacks and dementia side
that's that girl she farts at your face
you don't get a heart attack
babies get a hot chick and the study has
proven that farts can help your cells to
live what what sulfur hydrogen sulfide
there you go is well known as a pungent
foul-smelling gas and rotten eggs and
flatulence it is naturally produced in
the body and could in fact be a health
care hero with significant implications
for future therapies for a variety of
diseases you imagine if all those
weirdos that pay women to fart in their
face if they're on to something right
those women are heroes those are the
most confusing porn videos I've never
seen that what guys are like laying
there at girls like you looked at fart
you dirty bitch and they fart in the
face yeah mommy give me that fart mommy
and they fart in their face oh it's so
fucking it's so confusing it makes me
shut my laptop and walk around the block
that's fuckin great I've seen a bunch of
those you never see anyone else no I've
never seen it I'm just trying to figure
out who the first guy was that had the
balls to just go like smelling a fart
and going I think this is it I think
this is my you know for some people it's
its feet you know right some people it's
farts Wow if that's a thing with guys
farting in the face
the sump some people like a lot of weird
shit like I had this girl on the podcast
back in the day and it actually made me
sad talking to her her name is Ciara
Lynch remember her um cuz like I was
like what what she's selling her piss
she sells like toenail clippings dirty
socks dirty underwear all these guys and
then she humiliates these guys they want
her to humiliate them and the the worst
she treats if she's what I believe she
refers to it she's a very smart girl
very pretty too she refers to herself as
a humiliate tricks like it's like that's
her business
right she bought a fucking house like
she's wealthy because of getting these
guys to buy her shit and piss yeah very
strange I think I got a new nickname for
my wife but I I met this prostitute in
Lake Tahoe she had come to my show and
she was like you know in Nevada it's
it's all legal and so she I go what's
the weirdest client that you ever had
and she goes well I don't know if you're
ready for this but I met this guy and he
lived in Colorado and he had been in in
Nevada liked her said she said she's up
for anything
sends a jet to take her to Colorado oh
Jesus they go to Denver to some
five-star hotel come up to the suite
Presidential Suite and they come in
she's like I have no idea what this is
about
and he goes now this is gonna be weird
but it's not gonna hurt you just go with
it room service shows up guys got a tray
he's got four plates of hamburger meat
uncooked just hamburger meat tips the
guy leaves and he says what I want you
to do is take this meat I'm gonna get
naked and you're gonna take handfuls of
it and shove it up my ass five pounds of
hamburger he just stood there and she
kept stuffing it up stuffing out no
erection no sex no touching her and then
back on the jet back to Nevada so he's a
wealthy guy you
you paid her a ton of money oh my god
[Music]
I'm surprised but I'm not surprised like
if you said would you bet your life that
there's a guy out there that sent a
private jet to get a prostitute and take
her to a nice restaurant and then paid
her to stuff hamburger meat up his ass
if you're wrong you die yeah I go yeah
pay nothing right a million monkeys
typing you know I mean I'm not I'm not
I'm surprised but I'm not stunned right
I'm not like no way I don't believe that
yeah I believe it well and the the the
funny thing is like I don't get the
sense this guy is on a chatroom talking
to other guys that stuff ground beef up
their asses this is his thing right
that's his this as a personal he's got
so much fucking money that his mind just
goes to places and he can indulge it he
can just go yeah I'll try that what the
fuck man and talk about getting diseases
oh yeah
well there's just an outbreak of is it
salmonella yeah from ground beef I think
someone died yeah one person died a few
other people have been it's been they've
been recalled Hey hmm yeah you can get
Salmonella anally for sure it's raw
you gotta tell your doctor fuckin a what
happened well have a seat
let's start for the beginning when I was
a boy first time started getting
hard-ons I sat on a cheeseburger and he
said do you think these guys if I shove
solid food up my butt would I gain any
nutrition from it first of all here's
the thing he's answered by Andrew Lee
doctor of acupuncture hey fuckface you
didn't go to medical school stop calling
yourself a doctor doctor of acupuncture
is so weird it's like I'm a doctor of
comedy yeah you know what I mean all
right you practice acupuncture you're
not a doctor they don't go to medical
school did you know that I didn't know
that doctors are doctors a doctor goes
to a medical school it's hard you
to study you have to do your residency
you have to get your fucking degree at a
medical school not chiropractors
they call themselves doctors yeah but
they don't go to medical school at all
right
at all and they can fuck you up they do
those on your neck pull that up so we
could read that so answer is things can
be absorbed through the membrane through
membrane what see this is a separate
thread showing you that's people have
asked this no I'm saying but listen the
way he writes the answer this is how a
chiropractor writes it versus a real
doctor things that can be absorbed
through membrane will bypass the liver
when taken through the anus through
membrane will bypass the liver through a
membrane okay
for example various drugs can be taken
as through the anus in order to be
easier on the liver this is how
chiropractors right yeah CCI is writing
this is not a guy went to medical school
now as the liver no longer needs to
filter the drug which makes the drug
half as potent and is also hard on the
liver
this guy's asian how do you know that
what's his name Andrew Lee yeah I did
not know his name when I said he's Asian
I could tell by the way he was right
alcohol can cross the cell membrane and
thus absorbs very easily into the human
body oh how about this my friend his
wife is a schoolteacher in Utah and they
have a problem in middle school because
kids are taking tampons and they're
soaking them and rubbing alcohol and
stuffing them up their assholes and
they're getting high feel yes one kid
found out about it but other kids did it
and so they had a problem in their
fucking school where kids were putting
tampons dipping them in rubbing alcohol
and stuffing them up there but shout-out
to my friend Huey and by the way I don't
know how many millions of listeners you
have how many people are now gonna do
that a lot 40 40 40 40
been going on for a while yeah
apparently I didn't know about it until
three weeks ago I bet it feels good um
nice and cool fine feels good a little
bit you know what if you got hemorrhoids
oh yeah I'm sure people like that I'm
sure there's people that cut themselves
and pour alcohol just to feel a sting
yeah the definition of a drunk asshole
don't be a drunk asshole especially when
you're 12 they're fucking warm it's
probably so they just they're so
desperate that's a good point maybe yes
don't you talk number Kitty Dukakis oh
yeah she was sober and she can
aftershave right it wasn't you have to
shave isopropyl yeah that sunk is bright
well he kind of was on the way out it it
was that and when he sat on a tank with
the helmet on yeah that was people like
what are you a soldier are you in war
plenty of a helmet yeah we're not even
at war you piece of shit hey hey Mike
Dukakis remember him he was like who did
you run against a wasps a Bush senior's
wasn't seen yeah yeah yeah I think that
was a landslide
yeah people weren't down with that it's
interesting how some things sink some
people like that Howard Dover guy has
got to be so fucking confused that
Donald Trump got away with that grab him
by the pussy thing when all he did was
scream remember that guy Sock'em song
come fuck look yeah it's helmet with a
fucking sticker on that probably sunk
them too
why say Oh Mike Dukakis in your helmet
bro are you gonna go fight for our
country get out of here son
look at him now you see the picture of
them now hammered look at them president
go to the one picture above that with
the red face look at that
how's them fucking Pleasant that guy is
like if
we did a gig for dick Doherty in New
Hampshire yeah if you and that guy will
be at the bar yeah you fucking guys is
fine well you know I was almost
president my wife my fucking wife she's
a drinking rubberneck Oh hon this is
aftershave no aftershave fucking Aqua
Velva my fucking my fuck it suck it sent
me a fake head of hair though
yeah oh we see the governor I believe he
was governor of Massachusetts yeah yeah
right who's the governor Massachusetts
now weld is it weld or maybe I mean bill
was a Republican right yeah that's
unusual right
David we've had a couple of
Massachusetts Republicans like fuckface
the Mormon what's his name
Romney yeah Romney fuckface Charlie
Baker Republican he's a Republican -
that's interesting
that is interesting well you were
talking about Texas in Austin
yeah and Massachusetts is a Republican
state Boston as a democratic city but
it's such a big part of the state that
it's like what Austin is to Texas and
also like Minneapolis to Minnesota yeah
I guess so huh
like where would you think the
Republicans are in Massachusetts
everywhere outside of Boston well I
think it's a lot of defense contracts
there's a lot of defense money there and
I'm dynamics right right I got tricked
they tricked me they did I posted one a
video is boss town dynamics they were
all Bo SST WA dynamics and it was a
video of like robots shooting guns and
they're kicking the robots and it's
hitting these targets perfectly every
time like oh my god we're fucked but the
thing is it's not that far removed from
what the Boston Dynamics robots already
do those fucking robots already doing
backflips they do backflips yeah they do
like parkour they run and jump off
things hang on things and then this one
was a fake video though was it CGI I
think that's what they do how do you
trust anything anymore Jesus Christ
well we're pretty close to not being
able to trust anything and yeah because
with
those those deep fake generators mm-hmm
where they could take you like they'd
already done videos with me where they
have audio of me saying shit that I
would say like a bunch of shit that I
would say but I never said it about like
chimp armies and all these different
things yeah yeah there's a whole website
dedicated to that
it's just weird man yeah and it's gonna
get weirder and weirder with the the
stuff that they can do with you you've
you seen Kyle Donegan's yeah fucking
page yeah crazy god yeah oh my god and
his the stuff that he does that's my
favorite that's really really funny
is the stuff that looks fake it's like
he does the Face Swap shit from like the
Instagram filters or snapchat or
whatever it is but he did a bunch of
stuff cuz he was doing a pilot for
Comedy Central and thank God they're too
fucking stupid to pick it up cuz they
would have ruined it cuz he was showing
me one that they wouldn't do it was
Caitlyn Jenner having sex with Trump he
was showing it to me I was crying I was
in the greenroom cry goes yeah Comedy
Central said no to that one okay what
yeah look what they like no it was too
edgy yeah they wouldn't get involved in
anything trans yeah yeah right right
come on that's all I was shocked that on
the roast that that she came out and
said the shit that she did that was like
that was excuse the pun but that was
ballsy what did she say I think she
still has her balls she says that she
still is addicted oh really yeah but she
came out and said I love that expression
she has her dick welcome to 2019
yeah but done again I did a show with
him on Saturday night and he came out on
stage and he put he put a laptop in
front of his face and there was a big
screen and he was doing the characters
for the crowd that he usually does like
as Instagram oh yeah I've heard he does
this yeah it was great how does he do
that he just has the video plays I guess
the computer is videotaping him and
sending it I know it ran through the
house threw something in the house
system because it was a fuckup it got
fucked up Oh
but it still worked because he was we
were doing a gig at the store on a
Friday night and he was supposed to be
on right before me
but they were like actually let's have
Kyle go on after you because apparently
his whole thing needs a big setup
confirms gender reassignment study but
and she confirms gender we hold on put
the Becca says Caitlyn Jenner confirms
gender reassignment surgery in 2020
interview ok but the problem is she just
did an interview recently she said she
still has it
hmm what is gender reassignment surgery
if I could wave a wand over you like a
like you think night you I hereby
announce you have a vagina I have a
vagina yes
alright now have a vagina okay I mean
look and they're just hopping you on the
head with your penis you're clearly a
man and you could just say you're a
woman why can't you say you have a
vagina we're gonna play make-believe
let's just play make-believe all the way
yeah fuck it yeah because look my friend
zubi he was a guest on the podcast he
claimed he was a woman for a day and
broke the woman's world record and
deadlift what did he have to do to
qualify not as a woman yep do anything
he just you know identify his woman yeah
I mean wasn't were you to say that he
didn't identify his woman you fucking
transphobic piece of shit and I feel bad
now should Jesus Christ Greg Jesus we've
known each other I just feel I believe I
didn't know that you have this in you is
my childhood big enough to get canceled
I gotta get a little bit more famous and
then it can happen yeah I'm more like me
who pun God now I think pull up I think
that Caitlyn Jenner still has his dick
heard it was their fight with a guy that
that became a woman and they'd beat the
shit out of a woman um you mean MMA
boxing or MMA yeah there was yeah she
had a few fights the problem was not
that she had the fights which um I would
never advise anybody to fight someone
who used to be a man I would say who
probably got a lot of physical
advantages that's not gonna show up in
the weight class like
because they're both 135 pounds there's
a fucking difference I don't give a shit
what anybody says there's a reason why
this woman world champion cyclist is
breaking records so I women deadlift
these these women weight lifters who
used to be men are breaking records like
by giant numbers I mean giant numbers in
powerlifting and they all they have to
do is just say they used to be a man and
now I'm a woman this is it oh she's a
woman you're a piece of shit if you say
anything different
there's just but this one was fighting
her name's Fallon Fox and she was
fighting as a woman even though she
being a man for 30 plus years and in
fact even had kids at a kid and then
just transitioned became a woman didn't
tell anybody said it was a medical issue
it's none of your business and then beat
the fuck out of two women and like beat
them like domestic violence like you
watch it you like what yeah then she
came out and then it was like this big
hubbub I got caught up in it because I
said it was nonsense so excited I said
it's worse than nonsense I'm sick it's
bullshit it's a hundred percent bullshit
and I never never been attacked harder
hello I shouldn't have brought it up
yeah it's fine look I fucked that's a
hill I'll die on yeah that's a hill I'll
die on what you guys are out of your
fucking mind yeah I think you're out of
your mind with track and field I think
you're out of your mind with
weightlifting you're out of your mind
with all those things but if it comes to
fighting fuck you fuck you you think a
man or a woman of the same thing you are
out of your goddamned mind if you think
all you have to do is get a little bit
of surgery take some hormones and you're
a woman now and you should be able to
fight women imagine that's your daughter
and your daughter is getting pummeled by
someone who used to be a man fuck you
it's crazy
yeah it's crazy it's unfair to the
female athletes you know women they're
real women real women are getting fuck
yeah real women are training their whole
fucking lives and you know what they're
what they're sacrificing to be the best
woman out there and then to compete
about somebody who's got testosterone
that just puts them at a whole different
level physically well here's the deal I
know what low is a testosterone but it's
still there it doesn't know it lowers it
significantly but the gains that they've
had through growing up through puberty
with testosterone and being X Y
chromosome having the
structure of a man those are undeniable
and they're undeniable by the world
records that these trans women are
winning they're beating men I mean
they're beating women but biological
women by giant numbers like is it
tracked someone sent me this the states
that allow people in college and in high
school to compete as the gender that
they identify with without surgery or
you don't have to you don't have to have
surgery in a lot of these places they
are dominating dominating its dominant
trans people trans people are winning
these things trans always always male to
female never female to male female to
male aren't there something no chicks
are like like saying I identify as a man
let me get in the NBA and fucking post
it up at 40 against LeBron it's not
happening it's not it's doesn't go down
that way with what goes down is men who
want to be a woman become a woman and
then want to compete against biological
women and in every single case the
biological women are getting fucked over
because if a woman say if a woman was
thirty years old and she decided at
thirty years old she was going to start
taking hormones and become a man and
compete against men she would be fucked
but if a man does that
he's got the benefit of having
testosterone in his system for thirty
years and then transitioned it becomes a
woman and there's there's no denying
there's a gigantic advantage if a woman
was gonna compete like say if she's
gonna compete in track and field and
she's 30 years old but for all of her
life she's been taking steroids her
whole life she's been taken
just just steroids gonna get a man John
a thick neck and fucking shoulders blah
and then she gets off of it just gets
off of it for a couple years and
competes against women's just throwing
them around a rag Donna people do like
she's a cheater she cheated she took
steroids for 30 years
just cuz she's not taking him now
doesn't mean she's not a cheater
hmm well that's what's happening yeah
it's but it's worse because the bone
structure and because it's it's a
natural testosterone your your fucking
puberty you're going through puberty
with testosterone it's crazy it's crazy
it's fucking crazy and it's almost even
crazier if you didn't go through puberty
so how about if you're a trans person
and someone decided when you're five or
six years old that you're trans and so
now what someone's transitioning you
before I mean somebody have a great joke
about that like you don't let a
five-year-old pick their outfit why
would you let them pick their gender
like you you can't let a kid to say what
they are and what they aren't kids are a
giant part of what a kid is is you're so
easily influenced by your environment
right so easily influenced it's so easy
to convince a kid one way or the other
and you don't know what's happening
right in their home and you're asking
this child to make a decision about
their biology your talk about in terms
of starting to take drugs yeah I mean
the idea of doing that to a little kid
to me is fucking bananas doesn't make
any sense
yeah we're Lee in this weird fantasy
world right now where people want to be
so progressive and they do they want to
be so open-minded they don't want to be
transphobic so we're letting people say
and do absolutely preposterous things
that don't have any logic that don't
make any sense in terms of what we know
about biology does it make any sense and
particularly when it comes to sports
particularly when it comes to your life
you're a grown adult I don't care I'm
happy for you if you live better as a
woman you feel better as a woman you're
a woman to me congratulations I don't
care but you're competing against men
you can go fuck or at competing as women
rather you can go fuck yourself you're
not a woman in the sense of you don't
have double X chromosome you didn't grow
up as a woman you're not a biological
woman if you want to be treated as a
woman that's fine but you can't just
decide you're a woman and now you're
gonna break World Records and fucking
deadlifts and you're gonna you know run
faster than any woman that's ever lived
you're gonna beat them on button bike
races you're gonna break World Records
as a trans woman you're crazy what
happens to all these regular women that
didn't get the the advantage of growing
up through puberty with testosterone
think getting fucked over that's the
reason why we have men and women's
divisions in the first place mmm this is
weird cop-out that well there's always
it's not fair in some sports because
there's LeBron James
haiti's LeBron again you know there's
Mike Tyson there's there's these
outliers who these freak physical
specimens yeah yeah there are but
they're men versus men
there's freak physical specimens and men
but when you go so far so far over that
when you when you take a biological male
and they're just breaking World Records
as a woman you gotta go come on we're
entering into this complete nonsense
area yeah well this is just progressive
thinking this ideology taking to the
extreme yeah yeah and I mean I don't
know what the answer is because the
women if they do start taking
testosterone then they obviously can't
compete against women legally any longer
no so they're they're sort of in limbo I
don't know if there needs to be a third
category trend of athletics the trans
categories that's the perfect answer
yeah that's the perfect answer I don't I
don't think even if the women take
steroids if it would be fair I don't I
don't even know if that would be fair
because they're still not going through
puberty like you would have to mean
first of all there's not a lot of data
on this there's not a lot of data in
terms of a years and years of
competition where they've studied
athletes that have been trans versus
athletes that have been biologically
female versus athletes that are
biologically male but the only there's a
lot of studying on this this is people
going with the current thinking and the
current progressive ideology where they
don't want to be criticized they don't
want to be called transphobic they don't
want to have articles written about them
or people call them terrible names and
talk shit about them mmm and it's such a
small percentage of the population and
it's become an issue that is being
identify reasons you know it's it's
something that is like like my kid is a
college now and like every class you
have to say your name what gender you
identify as pronoun you want to be
referred to as do you how many fucking
people this is affecting was there five
in the school if that if that it's I
believe the current number of people
that are trans in this country somewhere
around 1%
is that what the number is do we even
know what's fine now I'm fine with all
of it up until it comes to sports hmm I
mean if you just if you want to identify
with a them you know you want to be a
very person though I might fuck up
occasionally because it's odd yeah I
might make mistakes
if you want to be called Caitlin okay hi
Caitlin I don't care I don't care right
but with sports you can fuck all the way
off 0.6%
okay that's hilarious it's not even one
half of a basically half of a percent
mmm
and Elizabeth Warren she's getting shit
because she was she was supporting trans
prisoners having the right to have
corrective surgery in jail and of course
people had a field day with like the
amount of money that that would cost and
it's like she should just say pass
what's your opinion on that yeah
Elizabeth let me talk about the economy
well let me talk about healthcare yeah
that's not a good one but that's one
that I guarantee if you sat down talk to
her about it like this is this is an
ideologically based opinion that's she's
probably looked at there her demographic
which is progressive left-wing you know
she's a woman she's running for
president and a big part of her being
candidate is the fact that we would like
to have a woman president particularly
people on the Left they look fucked up
with Hillary Clinton it didn't go well
maybe Elizabeth Warren's our gal yeah
she seems to talk well she's strong
Cimmerian yes maybe she's the one maybe
she's the one well well she's got to
support that because you want the whole
Democratic Party otherwise someone will
fucking snatch up those people in an
independent category Green category yeah
like fuck it I'm voting for Jill Stein
because she's a piece of shit or
Elizabeth Warren's a piece of shit and
she won't she doesn't address trans
rights yeah there was a lot of
third-party voters in the last election
they belong the election I was one of
them Jill Stein Garry Johnson yeah he
did my podcast I don't know shit yeah so
I said what was his deal well he didn't
know government guy anything
he was sunk because he didn't know what
where Aleppo was uh-oh I remember him
yeah
like people were considering him fairly
serious uh-huh hmm maybe I'm serious
about Gary Johnson he seems fairly
reasonable what we could use a
reasonable guy and they asked him what
do you think we do about Aleppo he's
like what fucks Aleppo
yeah that's a city were a lot of bad
checks out but did Trump know where
Aleppo was he doesn't have to he doesn't
have to they they could say what are you
gonna do about Aleppo he probably got
where's Aleppo Syria
oh well that place is a mess yeah I
wanna go with that I think we're done
with that I think we cancelled them so
Aleppo is in Syria right so where does I
think that's what it is yeah it was
almost like a trick question yeah you
know because fuck yeah he didn't know
but who does yeah who did I got all the
people like just fuckin dude he doesn't
even know where Aleppo is I didn't know
where a leper was yeah I didn't know the
question either yeah obviously I'm not
running for president well we're kind of
hoping that that person knows this shit
we don't or they tell him when he gets
in there but that's the scary thing
about Trump is that other leaders will
have advisors around them that they
trust right tell them stuff but Trump
doesn't seem to read the whose own
interests in that he's not interested no
no they booed the fuck out of him at the
UFC Oh were you there yeah because
because I heard from one camp that they
cheered and from another camp that they
his son said they cheered for him listen
a daddy
I took my fucking headphones off just to
listen and it was 18,000 people go
his son said they were chanting USA
maybe four people behind him were
chanting USA
the rest were saying boo si you know
what Donald Jr said yes you'd probably
say that too
look they booed the fuck out of him yeah
I'm sure some people clapped yeah I'm
sure
but if you had a if you had a bet your
money on it like what was the greater
percentage was it booze or claps it was
fucking booze yeah dude I took my
headphones off uh-huh
I was right there yeah how's 50 I could
hit him with a rock he was right over
there yeah boo yeah I'm surprised he
showed up after what happened at the
World Series the same fuck if they
happened a week before um maybe he
figured cuz it was DC it was because
it's so liberal in DC I probably figured
cuz it was at the fight yeah cage fights
I mean you know also he's friends with
Dana White and they're good friends
apparently like there were there's a
picture on Dana's Instagram of him and
Donald sitting in front of the
television watching fights they're
watching the prelims before he went out
Deana watches some of the card in his
greenroom listens to the commentary and
you know wants to see so because like
there's a lot of moving pieces involved
being a President of the United States
and also the president of the UFC a lot
of moving pieces you don't have a lot of
time to sit through the entire
pay-per-view while you're there
so Dana sits in the back and he watches
a lot of the pay-per-view card on the
screen in his in his office or in his
greenroom
so he was back there with Donald sitting
on the couch and he put it on his
Instagram just watching some fights it's
just him and Trump sitting there that's
hilarious yeah Wow his watch my friend
Corey Anderson damn knockout Johnny
Walker so look at that watching fights
like what you think Dana Dana White's
been to fuck like this kid khabib ask
him where did my father visa send
location yes
his father can't get a visa yeah ask
Donald bro come on did good free kebede
give you got forty six thousand likes on
that
walk into master square garden last
night with Dana White for the big UFC
championship fight was a little bit like
walking into a trump rally plenty of
Magha and KAG present what is KAG oh
okay great energy fantastic job Dana
headed to DC and then to Kentucky for
the big Matt Bevin rally
okay well look for sure some people
cheered for sure for sure for sure some
people waved at him some way the people
look some people were psyched to see him
look if I was in the crowd and I wasn't
hammered and he was yeah be like what's
up okay yell at him I'd say Hyde wave at
him but the reaction like when he walked
in it's a lot of booze yeah but that's
just fuckin gonna happen man
he's a controversial character mm-hmm
you know like anywhere he goes he's
gonna give it a look it's fun to boo
yeah it's fun to go fuck you it's fun
you're gonna do something when you see
somebody you're either gonna cheer
you're gonna boo yeah me got Secret
Service all around them there's there
was a lot of noise man a lot of noise
but a lot of it wasn't it wasn't like
fuck Trump fuck Trump there was no chant
you know this place is where he can't go
right look if he went to an LBGT rally I
would guarantee yeah that's a place
where he can't go right even if he's Pro
LBGT with his his policy that's place
were they gonna dignity like pretty
universally hate him yeah where where
would you say he can't go where where
wouldn't be a good move I think any kind
of a woman's movement like oh yeah yeah
me too marches yeah what if you
addressed like when they have those
women marches were all wearing the pussy
hats and walk down the street and they
have a little speed they set up a stage
and he comes out to address them starts
grabbing her buddy's hat grandmother
pussy at
what what what will possess someone to
want that job I mean look if you wanted
to have the the best-case-scenario
answer it's like I want to do a good job
and make this country great and do
but what do you think really it's ego
I was watching Andrew yang on some
morning talk show on Sunday and he's
he's walking down the street with his
wife and it's a Sunday he's got his
fucking kids and I'm like this is your
Sunday
he's got followers with his name on his
butt like strangers with Fitzsimmons
on a placard walking behind you cheering
on a Sunday wanna be home I don't watch
a fucking football game play with my kid
make a meal but these people every day
they work at 16-hour days where they're
speaking saying the same shit and
they're saying we're we're winning it
they always say we know just say I am be
as fucking selfish as you really are
I'm waiting more people are liking me
than those other people mmm it's a bad
job it's a bad job that no one should
have it's a job that should be a giant
round table of geniuses should be
deciding the fate of the country yeah
and they all should be on mushrooms they
all should be on ego dissolving doses of
mushrooms so that none of them are
acting in their own self-interest they
all should have zero financial
investments in anything that has
anything to do with any decisions that
they make like they should have to give
up all their stocks they should have to
absolutely make sure like like Trump is
able to have all his businesses be run
by his kids which is kind of hilarious
yeah but then he makes decisions that
would benefit his businesses that are
being run by his kids and as soon as
he's out of office he get she jumps back
in and takes over again was just like
yeah it's what do you thinks gonna
happen when they get his taxes cuz
they're pretty close they're pretty
clear it's gonna go to the Supreme Court
now the the last court said that he has
to turn them over and what they're doing
is they're going after his accountant
instead of him that way the accountant
will be liable as opposed to him
personally because he's never gonna do
it but if you're if you're fucking you
know Harvey Altman yeah in company yeah
you have to you got to do it you're not
gonna go to jail for him right you sewed
up with Michael Cohen right you go to
jail yeah yeah
there's no pardons you're going to jail
bunch of went yeah yeah quite a few
people are in jail Matta for Jana
jail Brill jail yeah like like you can't
see anybody locked SL jail it's not
gonna matter when his taxes come out
it's not gonna matter it's nothing none
of it matters he's got his file the only
thing this election comes down to is
whether or not the left can get people
to show up because his forty six percent
or whatever percent are into him they're
fuckin there on November fourth next
year they're showing up you know it was
crazy Chris Rock went on stage right
after he won and Chris Rock said you
don't know that motherfucker
he goes let me tell you something he
ain't leaving he goes he's gonna be the
president for a long fuckin time he
ain't gonna leave mmm and I was thinking
like what does that mean like you have
to leave yeah like if he loses you
imagine if he loses and he doesn't want
he doesn't believe he lost well he's
already said he won't believe it he's
already said that she was gonna be a
revolution he's yeah he's you know he's
laying the groundwork for could could be
ugly including it the impeachment which
would be even worse than him just not
getting elected if he was impeached can
you imagine what would happen I don't
think he's going to get not impeached if
he was he's being impeached yeah if he
was convicted it was if he's convicted
and removed from office it would be
crazy yeah but I don't think that's
gonna happen
I think someone explained to me was a
Kyle Dunnigan explain to me how many
people what's that
no not Kyle Kyle kolinsky who's my
favorite online political commentator
very wise guys left-wing guy but like he
calls it like he sees it he's very
educated and very aware of all the
pitfalls that that is plaguing the left
and the right and he said that you would
need all these Republicans to vote on it
in order for him to actually be
impeached and they're not going to
they're no they're just like 22
Republican senators that would have to
flip yeah
then so far they have zero they're not
gonna flip now the nerves are not there
they're more interested in their party
than they are
anything else yeah you have to the
Republicans they have to stick together
they especially in this time where you
know look what their I'm not a
Republican but if I was I would be
extremely concerned about censorship in
social media which is a real thing
censorship of Republican ideas and
conservative ideas is absolutely a real
thing and is it's it's not just real
it's accepted as being the right thing
to do by certain organizations I mean
they've been caught on camera and hidden
camera talking about the ways that you
can silence conservative voices you know
this is not like these when you look at
social media platforms they're
essentially the best way to get ideas
out there right it's even better than
broadcast news because if you put
something on Fox or CBS or whatever how
many people are really gonna watch it is
it a thousand a million I mean how many
people watch it but if you have a clip
that goes viral that clip on YouTube or
Twitter or where are Facebook wherever
whoever that could get 30 million people
40 million people way fucking more than
is ever gonna watch you on television
they've kind of accepted that on
late-night television like late-night
television is kind of accepted that what
they're looking for is these clips these
moments these clips that almost act as
advertisements for the show yeah you
know where it's James Corden fucking
making people sing in this car that kind
of shit they're trying to get these
clips that go viral because the show
itself you mean I mean I don't know how
many people are watching a few hundred
thousand at the most right it's nothing
in comparison to a lot of the like like
what's that guy's name that's the famous
makeup kid that he's a gay fellow James
Charles that guy's videos on makeup get
way more fucking views than anything
that happens on Fox News and that's a
fact
yeah anything that happens on MSNBC and
that's a fact okay social media is way
more potent than anything else and comes
to getting a message out and for sure
conservatives are being discriminated
against on social media by social media
platforms well what's weird about it is
that when you think about social media
coming out of Silicon Valley which is
famously
winged the election was really swung by
the Internet in Trump's favor you know
whether or not you want to call them
BOTS that were set up by Russia or
whether or not it was just they were a
well-organized campaign they just they
were really smart and very sharp about
videos they put out yes they have a
thing now where they put out a lot of
memes that they encourage people to make
memes about yes there are all over
Democrats are so far behind the
Republicans when it comes to using using
it but you're right I mean if you if you
ban certain people from Twitter and from
YouTube that censorship yes it is
censorship and even if you're not
banning them from those platforms if
your shadow banning them if you're
making it very difficult for be able to
find them which is real it's a real
thing that you do they they they you
know the the way your poet like if you
have a post on social media it doesn't
just go up in chronological order
anymore
now it's affected by an algorithm so I
might see your posts or I might not see
your posts in my feed it's dependent
upon what I like and what I watch and
what I see when I go to search like if
you look at my search feed you know you
see you see people beating the fuck out
of each other and girls doing squats
that's like my hope my search it's all
like like it's it's the most cartoonish
version of me pop yeah yeah it's all
like big bull elk screaming and dudes
getting head kicked in a muscle car
doing a burnout that's my fucking that's
all oh you could look at my Instagram
search and that's all affected entirely
by this algorithm that figures out what
I like yeah and then also recommends
things to me like in terms of like
there's a lot of sponsored things on
Instagram like oh oh how could you times
I could
yeah off to Google and it's because it's
it's targeting me it's found me it knows
that I search for certain things I look
at certain things these are the sites
that I follow these are the things that
I interact with so let's sell them
something and it does the same with you
it does the same with Jamie does the
same with everybody so they can in
certain social media platforms use that
algorithm
to discriminate so they can decide hey
this fucking guy keeps chirping on and
on about hillary clinton's war crimes
and all this we don't need this guy
around okay
we don't need this guy and all of his
fucking right-wing bullshit and alls
make America great again bullshit so
will shadow ban them and so they can
shove you into this category where it's
very difficult to find your find your
page and it's very difficult for your
shit to show up and a lot of people have
seen their views drop drastically their
interactions drop drastically because
people aren't seeing this shit anymore
right Andrew Santino had that happened
to him no shit talk to someone talk to
someone on the phone that told him he
was shadow banned and he's like what
does that mean they're like well it was
it's because of a post that you made he
was well what post is it they wouldn't
tell him what post it was what kind of
post would it have been is he political
no he's like I'm not political at all
but you know he's a comic and he says
ridiculous shit yeah and he's a redhead
and so people probably like you know
look at this guy this super white
looking guy who says a bunch of
ridiculous shit get rid of him yeah
off of his head ya know I had this guy
weird fella I think is his handle on
Twitter and he used to he used to say
stupid shit he was goofy whatever he you
know I would interact with him a little
bit and then he emailed me at my site to
say that he got banned from Twitter
remember what remember on Halloween when
a kid showed up at the White House and
Trump and Milani were standing there and
Trump put candy on top of the kid's head
instead of caning it to him it was like
a really ridiculous like this guy can't
even just put candy in the fucking kids
bag he's got to put it on his head so it
was like it something that became a meme
and this guy just wrote I wish the kid
had kicked him in the shins thrown off
Twitter for saying that hmm it was a
woman named Megan Murphy she's what's
called at Turf do you know what terrific
yeah
trans exclusionary radical feminist and
she she is one of those radical
feminists that don't believe that a
trans person's a woman and she was
arguing that these people don't
have they shouldn't have a voice in
women's issues like you're not a woman
and so this is her opinion and some
people think that that opinion is
transphobic some people think she should
be allowed to have that opinion while on
Twitter she wrote a man is never a woman
they told her she has to take down that
tweet so you know what she did she made
a screenshot of it she took down that
tweet and then she posted a picture of
the screenshot and then they banned it
for life you know who's not banned for
life Oh Jay Simpson yeah
double homicide armed kidnapping and
hate to the world yeah hate where the
world is your friend OJ with football
pics hey Twitter world he's fine but
this lady who's just said with her words
a man is never a woman which
biologically is correct banned Wow
do you know what else you get banned for
damn you know you will see a band for
for life what dead naming do you know a
dead name what's that if you call
Caitlyn Jenner Bruce really and for life
no she is for life damn ridiculous this
is where we're living in this is this
political ideology world this is the
reason why someone like Elizabeth Warren
thinks she has to say taxpayer money
should pay for prisoners some fuckin
mass murderer who decides he's a woman
now to get this transitionary surgery
transition surgery yeah
reassignment surgery whatever you want
to call it look I wish there was a
fucking pill that you could take I wish
it was a place we can go where they zap
you like the place where they turned
Bruce Banner and the Hulk that turns you
into a woman Oh legit 100% bonafide XY
or DoubleX chromosome woman I wish there
was I wish there was so this is no
argument yeah the argument is in
changing someone but not really you know
like you're still your chromosomes and
you're your biological makeup and then
forcing people to comply so it's a thing
of compliance like you're supposed to
not bring up the fact that this person
used to be a man look if your name is
Greg but like my friend Aubrey okay a
perfect example his name used to be
Chris but he tripped balls one day and
decide you want to change his name so he
changed his name
we all just call the mob right now I
don't call him Chris anymore he was
Chris for years I knew him is Chris for
years and then he became Aubrey I'm like
all right man you want to be Aubrey now
your robbery I don't give a fuck but if
I called him Chris would I be dead name
yeah all right all right but you know
what else is weird is that like the same
mentality that says this says that a
white kid who grows dreadlocks
and dresses in urban street wear is
culturally appropriating yes many many
of the people that would sing think that
yeah including there's a there was a
movement that they had a band I think
most people abandon it but it's really
ridiculous for a while where they were
yelling at white girls wearing hoop
earrings because they were saying that
this is a Latina thing you're culturally
appropriate than that but it's not like
then if you historically you got to go
back to ancient Sumerian vented hoop
earrings mm-hmm so you are you from
Babylon hmm are you are you from
Mesopotamia no then shut the fuck up
because you're culturally appropriating
if you have a Korean phone in your hand
yeah guess what that's culturally
appropriate those Italian jeans
culturally appropriate yeah who made
your sneakers huh China what the fuck
are we talking about culturally
appropriating is one of the dumbest
fucking things because that's what
cities are they're melting pots of
awesome cultures and they all get
together just is if you're a fucking
dude and you want to dress up like Bruce
Lee
that doesn't mean you're culturally
appropriate it means you're a Bruce Lee
fan and it's kind of cool you're
admiring that and so you're you're
trying to take it on it's all woke it's
all woke culture it's this culture of
compliance they want you to comply it's
all that's what it's about more than
anything it's getting people to change
getting people to listen to you and do
what you want them to do I want you to
stop wearing those fucking earrings I
want you to stop wearing dreadlocks
meanwhile dreadlocks the Romans were
fucking dreadlocks
dreadlocks are not necessarily a black
thing although most black people like
you if you do it's more rather black
people wearing them than white people
but there's white people have had
dreadlocks forever
so you can we've all seen dirty hippies
with dreadlocks yeah I go to a fucking
Grateful Dead concert it's a lot of
dirty white people with dreadlocks
they're not trying to culturally
appropriate
they're trying to be dirty hippies with
dreadlocks yeah they're they exist
they're real to say that that's cultural
appropriation it's fucking crazy
it's create you we all appropriate we
all do we all do is you you use if you
are in the United States in 2019 you're
a part of the the greatest melting pot
the world has ever known and to decide
that you can have some of that but you
can't have other parts like come on man
stop good luck on Halloween Jesus Christ
I read this list of things you shouldn't
do on Halloween it was like don't put a
feather in your head don't put don't
even tattoo don't put a tattoo of
something that would identify you as
Native American or Asian yeah I don't
have Asian letters tattooed that was a
thing that people used to do oh is that
a thing you shouldn't do now yeah you
can't do that anymore
I never was a fan of that to begin with
Obama bro you didn't brought he meant
give a speech that's not excellent was
great yeah yeah it was excellent he's
telling people like we're looking to
cancel people all the time the end this
is a perfect quote that he said the
world is messy and it is messy here's
what we got to stop looking for things
that make you angry and just try try to
let things go and just be nice to each
other and dialogue yeah these people
want to just talk and have you listen
like I saw a woman coming out of a
fucking restaurant the other day and I
was walking in and a t-shirt said I did
I don't want to hear her men stop
talking I don't want to hear from men
and it was like I'm sorry did I do
something to you have I have I not
raised a beautiful daughter and been a
loving husband and a great son to my
mother and a great friend to a lot of
women and mentored many female comics
that I bring on the road with me and
hired when I was head writer on TV shows
that I'm hired and and it's like don't
fucking put me in that category how
about we talk about do you have an issue
with with you know what's going on with
you personally with involving me let's
talk about as a human being run one as
an individual but that's that's the
thing they're denying the individual and
they're making everything binary it's
you and them it's
and them it's one in zero it's it's not
if there's no room for nuance
yeah there's no is no room for the
complexity that is the human race yeah
this idea like men should shut the fuck
up I don't wanna hear from white men
that's another one I've seen that shirt
I don't want to hear from ya that's it's
all nonsense it's it comes from people
that want compliance this is the the
whole thing about what culture is people
that felt like they've been pushed
around they felt like they've been
bullied they felt like they've been
maligned they haven't been treated
fairly and now they want to turn it on
you and they don't give a fuck they
don't give a fuck of you if you're white
man I don't give a fuck what your
opinion is shut your fucking mouth
and they feel like they can say that
because this culture and bow in Boldin's
people but letting people get away with
nonsense by letting people say things
like that
like walking away like if I was owned a
restaurant someone walked in with sure
like that
I'd be like get the fuck out of here
just like if you walked into a shirt
with a shirt that said black people
should shut the fuck up yeah get out
right get out get out do you really
think that you have no room for black
people talking get I don't want you
around your mind is rotten you're
thinking a terrible way go cleanse
yourself go yeah go take a fucking
meditation class or something figure out
what's wrong with you but don't don't
bring that toxic energy around people
it's stupid yes criminal Tory well it's
half the population and it's like I
understand that women have been they've
had a different experience than men
black people have had a different
experience than white people these
there's issues that need to be addressed
and corrected and enlist me in that yes
I'm perfectly willing to don't force you
right to comply yeah you know there's an
there's a giant there's a giant issue in
this country that is like like skirted
it's like it gets addressed but then it
gets it gets ignored and and that is
what do they do with all the communities
that have been forever affected by
slavery like what about all those all
those when people talk about reparations
it gets dismissed like it's not you I
didn't do anything it's not you it's
have to do with you you didn't do
anything you never owned a slave I never
owned a slave we didn't have anything to
do with it but there's no denying that
there's parts of this country that are
forever affected by slavery and then
afterwards by racist laws those redline
laws oh yeah reconstruction and Jim Crow
all that yeah okay never really been
addressed never been addressed in terms
of a correction now in terms of like
reparations you give people money I
don't know if that works like if if I
thought that by me paying more in taxes
and them giving reparations we could
ease the tension racial tension in this
country I would be like okay that's all
you have to do but it's not all you have
to do right because you're still gonna
have these communities that are forever
affected until something has been done
to correct them like I'm not in favor of
giving people who were never slaves
money as reparations but I am in favor
of giving communities money mm-hmm and
figuring out a way to rebuild them
figure out a way to map them safer by
schools school lunches Community
Programs getting people off the streets
that are involved in gangs and drugs and
all that stuff like I've said this a
thousand times but it bears repeating
the best way to have a great country is
if we're a team or if we're a country
we're supposed to be a team right we're
a community a giant community of 320
million people what's the best way to
make it stronger well you have less
losers that's the best way well what's
the likelihood of you becoming a loser
if you're in an impoverished drug
riddled crime just ravaged area well
they're highly it's highly likely that
you're not gonna succeed in that area
unless you are some person of
unbelievable character an unbelievable
will and fortitude and you're raised by
people who did a phenomenal job
essentially in a war zone right if you
live in the south side of Chicago and
you look at the murder rate and the
south side of Chicago and you compare it
to the murder rate in war zones they're
pretty fucking similar right so
essentially these people are being asked
to do their best and and come out of
this war zone and pull themselves up by
their bootstraps
other people around them are not in a
war zone if we're community we're
supposed to look at that and go hey how
fucked you stop this thing from being a
war zone how do we stop this yeah how do
we how do we do that with Detroit how do
we do that with Baltimore how do we do
that with all these impoverished areas
that that should be addressed well it
has to be looked at as our problems yeah
their problem you know we are all living
with the ramifications of inequality you
know it's affecting us on a daily basis
whether it's crime or whether it's you
know our gross national product would be
much higher if more people were educated
and more people were proud of their work
and yes and so there's there has to be
there has to be pride less less losers
more pride more identifying with
progress and you know I think if you if
you if you live in a certain culture in
this country there there isn't a pride
in succeeding right there just because
you haven't seen it right more
opportunity and this includes poor white
cultures like I have a friend who's from
Kentucky and he tells me about these
fucking people that live in these coal
mining communities with a coal mining
community the coal is gone and the
community shut down people are hooked on
pills and he's like you have never seen
poverty like this he's like you've never
seen it we're like every one of the
communities on pills every one is
surviving on like below minimum wage and
everyone's a criminal like it's just
everyone's poor it's just horrific did
you ever see the wild and wonderful
whites of West Virginia now holy shit oh
I think it's a johnny Knoxville
documentary did he put it together it's
amazing it's amazing for all the wrong
reasons because these are the trashiest
white-trash people that have ever lived
and they're all on pills they're all
turning tricks and doing crazy shit and
and robbing people and shooting people
and it's like everyone has a fucking
story that's like you're like Macaulay
Culkin from home alone like what yeah
put your hands in your ears like what
the fuck but those communities exist
they exist big and it's so hard to get
out it's so hard to break free like we
as a community as a giant 320 million
person community should be concentrating
on fixing those spots it
as much as we're concentrating on fixing
problems in other parts of the world
yeah I understand the logic behind going
to these other parts of the world
they're fucked up and trying to solve
these problems before they affect us
before they come back to us that's the
logic I get it but internally inside of
our country we were not doing the same
thing we're allowing people to become
violent criminals by never giving them a
chance but never giving them an outcome
or never never giving them possibilities
other than what they see around them not
giving them an out any opportunities and
we treat it as if they're supposed to be
we're all supposed to be even we're all
supposed to be on this even game mm-hmm
no some people got one shitty card and
some people got like five aces it's just
yeah there's this documentary they made
about public school in Chicago I forget
what Oak Park I think it was in it was
called America as me and it was like
this 10-part series and it showed the
experiences of the white kids versus the
black kids because it was an integrated
school but you were seeing that the
black kids were lagging grade-wise
graduation rates and they just went in
depth and you saw that a lot of the
black kids were dealing with single
parents they were dealing with being
fucking evicted some of them being
homeless or just not having the
resources like you know the white kids
are getting SAT prep classes and you
know they're getting extra help because
they've got a parent that's not working
that can pick them up from school and
drive them to a tutor and there's just
all these things that you're seeing one
side is getting foster and the other
side is struggling and it's the same
fucking school so it's not it's not as
simple as just put good schools in the
community but there's got to be
mentorship programs and there's got to
be the outreach program community
outreach has got to be they got to get
preschools I got to get kids in there at
a young age so the parents can work and
there's good nutrition that they say
that the studies that show preschool the
difference is long term of how people
come out of there with those extra two
years is astronomical
makes sense makes sense you prep them
for it early but it's the thing is this
is where a concept like democratic
socialism actually makes sense it's like
people think of democratic socialism or
anything where you say that
we're at socialism they go oh you're
gonna take money and give it to lazy
people this is the that's the worst case
scenario right but man if we're
community if we're if we are a community
of human beings you got a we've got to
help the people that aren't doing good
there's got to be a reason why they're
not doing good it's not that they're
inferior there's they have inferior
choices they have inferior opportunities
they have an inferior situation mm-hmm
and it's so hard to get the mass of
people behind giving their money to some
sort of some sort of a program that does
take steps to fix this you just don't
hear it well you know they had the jobs
for a you know FDR and the New Deal they
were able to start people want to work
people don't they want to get a welfare
job they want to feel good about
themselves and they and you want to be
busy all day you know sometimes I'm not
suppose I don't work for a month
you know I'm between writing jobs maybe
I take some time off from Stan I get I
don't feel good about myself terrible
I mean imagine that times year after
year and generation after generation and
for you it's a choice look if you want
you can go on the road at any time yeah
but that's not a choice for a lot of
great for a lot of choice they're just
fucked and you used to have the the the
funny thing is like the factory jobs you
look back on them Inigo those are like
really shitty jobs you know I grew up in
a factory town and it was like people
were not enjoying it people were getting
fucking drunk and high and just getting
through and now we're looking--we're
harkening back to like that it was like
some Golden Age of great work like no
you know they were Union jobs which was
great but let's shoot higher you know
let's get where the factory jobs aren't
coming back probably the real question
is like some people some people don't
have aspirations so if you took someone
who's already gone through the school
system and you know like oh we're gonna
get jobs for people yep that's not good
enough
well you gotta fix the people that are
fucked up yeah you can't say like like
an 18 year old person is not a finished
product a 25 year old person who came
from a fucked up neighborhood
and has got all sorts of mental problems
and probably PTSD that's not a finished
product yeah you can't say we got a job
for you well because they're fucked in
the head you know they've had a deal
with their friend getting shot they have
to deal with their mom being on crack
like getting them a job is not not
enough I don't know what the answer is
like obviously we're just two white guys
talking shit yeah right we don't have to
worry about this this is not our concern
but if you wanted to if you wanted to
fix if you were a person like say if
Greg Fitzsimmons became president how do
you fix that how do you how do you even
make steps to fix that because I haven't
heard anyone come up with a plan maybe
there is one that I haven't heard but a
plan where it makes sense where there's
a long term proposition to try to take
these communities that are just
habitually engulfed in crime and
violence mmm just consistently like
throughout the 60s and the 70s and and
fix it mm-hmm and turn it around like at
least try well there's a gap the gap
between the rich and the poor is growing
ever since the 80s it's gotten just out
of hand you know the the amount the top
1% have 50% of the money or something
like that and it's just and everything
is set up structurally for that to
continue to divide more and more right
but are they playing a game right
they're playing a game called capitalism
and that game they're dominating that
game and once they get the money then
they keep the money and they pass that
money down to their kids and they keep
the money how do you change that I mean
we could all play that game right like
we could all invest in stock market we
can all just really focus entirely on
making money or should we not be able to
like how do you stop the 1% like these
bankers and investment people how do you
stop that and how do you stop that in a
way where it doesn't seem like you're
you know you're changing the rules of
the game because some people just psycho
good and completely dedicated to only
making money
well you're not changing the rules
because the the estate tax was there
from day one the founding fathers wanted
there to be a very large estate tax they
wanted to avoid what happened in Europe
which is these building up of these
families that are
wealth and so these kids you know so I
think we need to go back to right now
it's like thirty five percent or
something like that and wealth over ten
million dollars if you're a couple they
need to go back to really taking that
money back because Anu and what was it
though put it into schools to start with
I would love that if there was like a
real logic to how that means that's been
right right yeah that would be the
problem is if it just went to a bunch of
like it's just if you just went to a
bunch of government programs that don't
seem to make sense and they're like
poorly structured yeah that money gets
wasted that would make me sick no I
think it has to be job training programs
it has to be helping small businesses
grow with you know low cost loans but
you know they think about these kids
that are inheriting a billion dollars
what are you ever gonna contribute to
society as opposed to if you were set up
with you went to a private high school
you went to a great university you went
to a graduate school all of it was paid
for you had nannies you were given
tutors you should be able to go out and
make a good living now yes you don't
need that billion dollars right and you
will feel so much better if you make
your own money yep so there should be
enough money left you know I'm not I'm
not saying take away everybody's money
when they die but I'm saying that
there's a grotesque amount of money that
needs to be pulled back that's one way
of at least putting a chip like chip
away at it that's one way right that
money yeah what's another way what so
unless you want like cops or police to
occupy these areas like how would you
ever stop like at this point in time how
would you stop places from being crime
written it have to be like a multi step
program where you would slowly but
surely implement it and try to slowly
but surely chip away at all these
problems yeah
it's not something you're gonna fix
overnight because it didn't happen
overnight you know right right now there
has to be great leadership and there has
to be man that you got eight years
you're you're president you've got four
and if you're lucky you get eight no I
mean local leadership and
- you know city councilmen and you know
mayor's that are really looking at the
community and figuring and each one's
different feel like if it's that way
unless it's federally if it's that way
like you're gonna you're dealing with
communities that don't have as much
money already yeah you know because just
by virtue of the fact that crime ridden
and that this is the in poverty-stricken
these are communities that already don't
have any money yeah low tax base go back
to talking about farts yes when I fire
bump
I really bummed out when I when I talk
about people that live in poor
neighborhoods that don't have a way out
because that is one it's one thing that
really freaks me out like being stuck
like the feeling of being stuck I don't
know I mean I don't know what it is
about that feeling but it's just you see
people in in I was in Colorado Springs
once and I saw this homeless couple and
they were begging for money they had a
fucking baby they had a baby and it was
outside and it was kind of cold it was
like October and I'll never forget that
I'm seeing this homeless couple with a
baby and I'm like fuck they have a baby
and they're homeless
god dammit yeah like that that kind of
shit
freaks me the fuck out yeah like people
who are just doomed you're stuck like
you're stuck your parents are homeless
and you're a baby
and usually the pant one of the parents
are both of them is mentally ill I mean
most homelessness is caused by mental
illness no you have you have addiction
which is usually somebody
self-medicating to begin with if you got
to that point
you're usually self-medicating something
and it could be a number of things but
you know weed there used to be you had
institutional you had people that were
institutionalized because they needed
help he had mental hospitals yeah you're
places where the lowest in our society
the most vulnerable we're taken care of
and those were closed and those people
are on the street now that was during
the Reagan administration yeah now in LA
we now have typhus yeah they're right
literally medieval diseases try making a
commercial oh this is back
there's so many homeless people in LA
they think it might be as many as 70,000
people every night 70,000 people that's
what I heard
70,000 and there's not a fucking single
plan that makes any sense to deal with
that yeah how they fix that well part of
the problem is that the you know it's
just gotten so expensive to live here
you know the real estate has gone
through the roof and so people are
people that were living on the edge
you know paycheck to paycheck all the
sudden you're fucking you're out you
stay on as many couch as you can until
people say look you can't live here
anymore
yeah and then you're in your car and you
know trying to get now you got to get to
get back into housing you need to come
up with a first last security deposit
mm-hmm where the fuck you getting that
where are you getting that effing Utley
happening in some cases and a lot of
cases is just drug addicts - right
people who are addicted to drugs yeah
well one of the things they're finding
is that like I work with this group
called people concern in LA and they
they're trying to get people into
housing with transitory housing where
they can at least get a shower get some
decent clothes we can go in a job
interview and and get started where you
don't have to pay that first first last
and security deposit that's great if
you're not mentally ill right you know
if you're mentally ill it's all the
showers in the world are gonna fix
Robert William a poor bhaiyya but that
dude now you know that guy's the guy who
comes to the Comi store all the time
very nice guy there's a perpetual open
mic er I'm kind of funny got some good
one liners but he's got something wrong
yeah those people need to take
medication every day and when you're on
the street you're not getting it and
what they require is that you go to a
certain facility every day to get your
pills they won't give you the pills
right these people are fucking they
don't know where they're sleeping that
night they can't show up at a certain
time at a certain place yeah so they
need to have played and one of the
things they found also is when they give
people housing it used to be contingent
on you staying sober and now they're
finding that no get them off the street
if they're still using you try to work
with them you try to get them into
counseling but you don't throw them back
out on the street because they're using
god fixing people dude fixing people so
fucking hard like I did a part
cast this weekend with Artie Artie Lange
yeah he's been sober now for nine months
oh yeah yeah he's fucking great his eyes
they sparkle he's a lot it's great he's
right there with you his stories were
hilarious best storyteller out there oh
my god dude it was so fun yeah and I was
just thinking like you know I was so
happy to see him so happy to see him
sober crying laughing and thinking god
dammit I hope he hangs in there yeah I
hope you know I hope that you know they
were talking about fixing his nose but
you know the doctor was like look he's
gonna be on pain pills if you fix his
nose they're gonna give him medication
like it's too soon yeah yeah he needs at
least a year of sobriety before even
thinks about doing that but even then
you're taking a guy who's a bonafide
attic self-professed attic and then
you're gonna give them drugs yeah come
on I know you can't do it can't do it
no and that's got to be some painful
surgery I would imagine you'd have to
have something now you can take it yeah
yeah you're all right
meditation can be as effective as any
painkiller if you do it right baby I
doubt it I don't think so
I bet painkillers are way better now
people are addicted to medication
meditation right they're addicted to
medication not meditation now I'm happy
for I'm really happy for already and
I've seen him
you know I've sighs saw him before he
went in and he was a fucking mess yeah
really bad and he had been doing good
like he was on crashing the two years
that I was there and he would come in
and the guy was always on time knew his
lines improved his face off was always
fucking great and then you'd hear that
he'd gone off again and he was just like
man can't you just fucking you're so
much to offer so smart so talented but
he's also a wild man that's one of the
reasons why he's so funny cuz he's so
impulsive and mild you know and that's
just who already is
yeah but goddamn he's alive right now
he's alive and kicking and his fucking
eyes are sparkling yeah like you talked
to him he's like eyes right there yeah
he was so funny
yeah god damn he was funny it was just
so nice to see him and hug him and when
someone has gone through hell and back
like that like just just to know that
he's still there yeah it's so nice and
like you know we've lost a lot of people
you know we know a lot of people were
gone that were really great people and
really funny people just not around
anymore mm-hmm
they fucked up Geraldo and I mean you
know Mitch Hedberg yeah you just keep
going down that list right right you
know yeah and it's like it is it's that
wild they have to find something to
replace I mean Lenny I heard Lenny on
your show he was fucking great I mean
that guy not that he was ever like a
hard addict but he's been sober for a
lot of years and he found ways to
replace it and still be a fucking madman
yeah you know he plays golf like a
fucking madman he's ever yeah as funny
as a funnier I would say oh my god he's
so funny on the podcast yeah he's just
rapid-fire yes in his sixties yeah you
know he's a wild man yeah yeah I told
him to start running I said a lot of
addicts they start uh these are views he
was I never got that run as I never I
ran a little bit I never got that
fucking run as high I'm like think you
got to run a lot you gotta get in shape
and then you do it a lot and get used to
it
yeah the high doesn't kick in right away
they sent layers you got a shed first
but it's goes back to what you were
talking about earlier but so many of us
are looking for a way to twist our
consciousness to do something to to take
you out of whatever the fuck the normal
sober consciousness is yeah what's wrong
with the regular sober consciousness and
I mean I'm saying this I'm saying this
is somebody who struggles with it yeah I
feel all the time like reaching for
something yeah you know even if it's
like I took CBD pills this morning just
because it changes me a little bit it
fucking you Louie had a little gift you
know I'm on the road I'll smoke a little
pot why I don't know I just need to be
different right now I need might head to
change right yeah well I think it's the
monotony of existential angst ooh it's
just like wearing you down you know you
look in the mirror you see a few more
lines a few more bags the skin is just
slowly giving away from your skull
slowly and we're not gonna win this race
no one wins no one wins this thing and
that just wears ya
sometimes you still want to think about
that you have a couple of drinks you
don't think about anymore like it
hammered you know see the fights you go
to see a game you go to a concert you
drop acid you do something you hit on
somebody you would have done that I
would have walked up to that fucking hot
chick and told her a joke no way with
all the drinks yeah ladies let me buy
you a drink come on I can remember
trying to hook up sober half after being
drunk for so much of my life and then
getting sober and then trying to hit on
girls and like go to bed with a girl
while sober was weird I was looking at
my body like look at this shitty body I
didn't care about my body when I was
drunk I'd walk to the bathroom naked
walk back like dick flopping around but
once you're sober you're like this is
really odd I just met this person I know
it's and that even sex like what is that
like you're trying to get some sort of a
rush out of that you're trying to escape
yeah I know you're trying to both of you
together
yeah we're doing something leaving this
plane you know you're doing something
you're trying to try to escape
whatever this fucking monotonous
existence is together you're seeing her
face a woman that an hour before was
sitting in a bar maybe smiling and
thinking to herself oh is my fight does
my smile feel fake or should I be
smiling more right now all of a sudden
she's screaming is she her eyes are
rolled back yeah yeah both of you are
yeah and then afterwards you got to deal
with each other that is the weirdest
thing ever it's like when you really
think you're into someone and then you
come and you're like oh my god I gotta
get out of here how much of it is
chemical it's such a fucking trick yeah
and women are like ah you just did that
you just pretended you liked me so you
could have sex with me no I thought I
did like you I was I was tricking myself
to like I really believed it if you you
know if you say a lot of shit that you
don't really mean just to fuck some
that's a dirty move but so many guys and
I've talked to so many guys who echo
this you really think you like that
until you come hey and then you look
yeah and then whatever was kind of cute
before now was annoying and grating on
you it's probably the same with women
they probably like thought you like they
liked you till you fuck them and then
you're hanging around talking and
farting and they like yeah get this guy
out of my fucking apartment right hey
look it's biology yeah that's the
ultimate trick right you you are when
you're having sex with someone
especially if you're really aroused and
you're they're really hot and you're
really into it and they're any of you
that is a drug yes it's definitely a
drug yeah
it's your your oxytocin's through the
roof all your fucking pheromones are
flying around you smelling each other
and you're aroused all your sex hormones
are fucking blaring you know and it's
all it's the number one thing oh yeah
that's it I mean there's the orgasm and
then what's second what's second in the
list of great things that you can
experience physically a runner's high
you know you know without drugs just
that you can naturally experience it's
pretty up it's pretty up there yeah yeah
there's not a lot of thing well you it's
also the the that it's difficult to
procure hmm right it's difficult to get
someone who's really attractive to like
you yeah right I mean that's a reason
why you and I are funny Yeah right
it's be honest like why are why are most
men why do they have a sense of humor
they have a sense of humor because girls
like that mm-hmm
it's a big it's a big one like you can
kind of jump through a lot of Hoops do
you skip a lot of steps if you're funny
yeah if you're a guy and you're funny
cuz you have to be smart to be funny see
girls like oh he knows how to be funny
yeah you know and if they're not funny
but they then you're funny you can make
them laugh they're like yes bring this
fucking comedian with me everywhere
right and I always have my own little
show yeah and when she likes you because
they like oh she likes me because I'm
funny
that'll get funnier yeah I'll work at
this yeah I'll be good at this too when
I was in sixth grade me and John your
Zach used to do comedy routines for the
girls at lunch we had whole fucking
routines like you know like Marx
Brothers stuff and Muppet Show shit like
whatever worked
tap dancing for those girls I mean like
Vicki Batman and reg they loved it so
funny and I remember that feeling back
then because I was the skinny little kid
with red hair and freckles no chicks
took they just cared about the guys that
were good at sports and all sudden like
I'm getting laughs and and I just
remember feeling like this is what I
want to do this is this is what I need
to do yeah you found like you yeah yeah
so there's that right it's like when
guys see a car like a brand new Mercedes
in a commercial and there's a girl with
long legs and high heels and she's
leaning against the car like oh my god
is that girl come in the car if I get
the car while get her yeah I need to get
her it's hard to get one of those you
get a girl with long legs and high heels
and beautiful lips and she's looking at
you like she loves you that's so
difficult to find it's so difficult to
get most the time those girls they look
up they walk right by you look you don't
even exist look at that if I get that
watch that watch
there's a girl staring at that watch you
love that watch oh gotta get that watch
yeah and that's like what's used to sell
most things like how many things in
America in particular are sold by
attractive women yeah attractive women
in ads attractive women like that we
associate if you get this Lamborghini
attractive women will be more drawn to
you because it's difficult to get a
Lamborghini right this guy can get a
Lamborghini that means he's got $300,000
to throw on a stupid car that's probably
gonna break down yeah jon hamm doing
those car ads women fucking they want to
get in that car with Jon Hamm Matthew
McConaughey it him look at that house he
lives in I'm gonna be in that house I
just eaten if I meet him he'll love me I
would put a couch over there though
shrubs inside the house fix it kind of a
modern painting it just needs a woman's
touch then then he has sex with me he's
like I got to go oh but I thought but
it's your house we're forever yeah the
ultimate biological trick if they
forever dead that's what's gonna be
really weird like if you look at aliens
right one that what's the the iconic
alien they have the big head
they have these little boy like bodies
long fingers no dicks yeah there's
nothing there right because that's
probably what happens in the future
yeah the future we all figure out listen
we are being tricked left and right by
our dicks and our vaginas and our sex
hormones are talking us into nonsense
well we could just be enlightened yeah
and we could travel the galaxy together
but we got to get past all this sex
stuff it's biological sex stuff and you
can you could have an orgasm in your own
brain yeah with your list new phone
iPhone 72 yeah and just press the button
and they get that out of your system
good now we don't need sex anymore yeah
and we don't need our mouths either we
need to talk with our brains just you
know big giant head what tiny slit for a
mouth mm-hmm it's like remember that
Woody Allen movie sleepers and they have
the orgasmatron oh and you just pass it
around and then you'd have an orgasm and
then you move on that was it you mean
you think about how much work is
involved in trying to get an orgasm like
how much energy people spend and then
the the seduction right you meet someone
at a bar can I buy you a drink okay want
me to light that cigarette can't do that
anymore but that was a thing right yeah
like light the girl cigarette mm-hmm buy
a drink oh he's so charming
Oh Oh thinking maybe dance is a mating
dance let's dance
watch me shake my hips I'm gonna look to
see her dance a guy who doesn't know how
to dance probably sucks in bed yeah that
guy dance dance hey it's time to breed
I'm gonna breed with a conqueror a man
who could dance and knows I don't light
a cigarette he could kill somebody for
me he's big he's big and he knows how to
think he knows that we got to get out of
here
troubles brewing oh he's a protector I
wanna get in his nice car you can drive
fast whoa whoa mom
he lives in the top of the hill oh he's
got a good spot we could see the enemies
coming from
yeah so weird people I mean that's our
business is like getting people to like
us right there's a big part of what our
business is our business is like saying
funny shit so people like us yeah
and other people do different things
like some girls they just work on their
squats you know just go to the gym a lot
so the people like them more elastics
out more get more attention all right no
some people are just funny some people
they acquire things some people acquire
power respect influence yeah I watch
this nature special on the what are
those animals that hang upside down in
Australia bats no they're like furry
they're furry and cute
Wallabies know that it bounced around
fur you what they're called bum bats no
they got they've got him I got him here
too I think but anyway this motherfucker
is on one side of the river and he can
hear a mating call from the other side
of the river and he's slow as shit sloth
sloth I thought so this lot here is the
female sloth and he fucking me and I
don't know where they get these cameras
from but they watch this guy go down the
tree across a limb into the water can't
swim for shit there's fucking Rapids he
makes his way well cuz he could hear
that gets across climbs on it takes like
two days and then he finds another sloth
and he climbs on top of a couple shakes
of the head
this bitch but now he can think I can
thank you know Jesus she want to eat my
fruit it's my fruit bitch
she wants to talk about that star that
was shining last night because that was
entertainment back then but but it's a
even weirder dance for a girl because a
girl has to figure out whether or not
this guy is gonna be around right she's
gonna let this guy shoot one inside of
her and then what if she gets pregnant
and now this asshole she has to rely on
him and what is he gonna be around
he's a sloth like she can't she like
there's a
gonna be a lot of time or she has to
dedicate to taking care of this kid
maybe she can hold that down a full-time
job maybe she can but there's a lot of
fucking resources that need to be
dedicated towards raising these children
is someone gonna help am I gonna be
doing this on my own like women have to
be really fucking careful really careful
imagine if guys got pregnant
every time we fucked mmm oh my god yeah
how did you joke about that the abortion
would be an app on your phone because it
would like if we got pregnant the fuck
out of here oh yeah yeah morning-after
pills would just be on the bedside table
every morning there'd be everywhere they
give them to you at hotels like they
leave mints on the bed yeah chocolates
yeah we've fucking Plan B pills there
would be no kids zero kids there to be
two of us women love children they're
nurturing or capable yeah we're like
some women but some women don't want to
get boxed into that either yeah which is
and some guys don't want to get some guy
look I love being a father I know you
love being the father but we all have
friends ative later a bunch of them that
have vasectomies they don't want to have
kids fuck that yeah okay it's okay it's
all okay
there's plenty of great it's great that
you know you don't yeah I mean I don't
even know if you know you don't because
maybe you think you don't because you
haven't had it mm-hmm
I mean a kid will change the way your
fuckin brain works
yeah and a lot of times for the better
it made me a way nicer person
yeah way nicer and made me way more
considerate of people's positions too
because I used to think of people always
as being static like oh this is Greg
he's 52 he's always been 52 this woody
is I mean I know I'm gonna talk to him
right now
right now I look at people and I go Oh
Greg used to be a baby he was a baby
like what did how did what what what
weird circumstances befell him what
fucking weird pitfalls and traps and
weird things entered into his life what
weird people fucked him over
what weird people lied to him stole from
him what how did he get to be this
bitter person right now I hate to use
your name it you're not that's I
realized halfway and I've created a
scenario that's whole
unlike you but you know it's I think of
people now in a different I used to
think of people angry people used to
think of him as I'll fuck that idiot but
now I go all that fucking guy he got got
fucked over yeah he got fucked over
that's most of them Nast of them got
fucked over that could have been me me
easily tore just have a bad chemical
makeup you know some people are just
fucking ADHD and think that they're not
caring friends they don't remember to
call you or whatever it's like that
guy's trying to get his shoelace tied
yeah yeah yeah or maybe he's OCD and he
can't wait to wash his hands again or
maybe he's got an Alzheimer's uni can't
remember whether he washed his hands you
don't mean this most people are trying
their best yeah and I think a big part
of what's wrong in this world is that
we're dealing with a lot of
communication that's not face-to-face a
lot of a lot of it whether it's you know
he said she said shit we're like you
know you have a problem with this guy
and then another guy tells you he said
some shit about you what are you saying
fuck that guy you said that I'll tell
you what really happened and said
instead of like you being alone with
that guy well what happened what do you
think happened well what I think
happened is this and that and you're
like well that's definitely not what
happened because of this and then he's
gonna go oh I didn't know that well I
didn't wanted I didn't want to fuck you
over I'm not trying to fuck you over hmm
well I thought you were okay well now I
understand why you were behaving the way
you were behaving well it's we're men
here let's talk you know I don't like I
don't want any enemies I want friends or
let's yell a little bit south yeah let's
figure this out but so much of today
that is excluded from the formula so
much of today is people dealing with
emails like how much can be like I had
to put out a fire between two friends in
an email recently one one person was
upset upset because they thought some
person was doing something shady to them
I'm like no no no that's not that's not
what happened like okay let me explain
I'll do my best but the whole reason
everyone anyone's having this
conversation is because you guys weren't
talking in front of each other mmm-hmm
you know and then there's this wonder
like how's that guy what is he saying
about me when I'm not around
what how does he feel about me does he
feel like he got over on me does he feel
like he did he fucked me over did he
disrespect me so much of it is like
we're not supposed to communicate any
other way other than like you and I are
doing right now look at each other in
the eyes I know you're not full of shit
you know I'm not full of shit and we get
to talk that's how people are supposed
to be in a little village where you know
you just if you had a problem you talk
to that person and if you were a shitty
person if you were acting shitty
everybody knew you were shitty yes and
you got a little bit ostracized for it
yes yes definitely there was correction
and gossip was healthy a little bit
gossip with good was good it was like
going hey that's Bill he rapes yeah
that's the gossip today this guy likes
to get five pounds of ground beef stuff
up his ass I don't know why do you need
to fart cuz Johnny over there he'll give
you five bucks if you fucking throw it
in his face he likes it what yeah he's
gonna beat off while you fart that's it
that's what he likes he doesn't want you
to touch him just fart in his face and
then kick him in the balls he though
he's feeding I'll watch those videos of
guys that like they like it can't say
that I mean they really get kicked in
the balls like hard stop I from that
guys get their balls stomped with
stilettos that's a really common thing
stomped a guys lose testicles yeah I
know a guy who lost a testicle cuz he
got kicked and he didn't have a cup on
and he was sparring just like he's like
I'll do one more round so he spars and
he gets slammed in the fucking sack with
a shin and he's testicle burst burst
these guys are just letting some chicks
stomp on him with a stiletto heel yeah I
was fucking around with Dave vada one
time and I was in like tenth grade and
we were wrestling around and he reached
down and grabbed my balls really hard
and SQUOZE I'm like a fucking nut he was
a little bit of a nut and I remember
laying on the ground for like ten
minutes being in like the most severe
pain I've ever been in my life dude I
thought it was sterile for a long time
cuz he getting kicked in the ball been
kicked in the balls at least a hundred
times
hard by black belts like I've been
kicked in the balls dude like many many
many - were they trying to kick you in
the balls
oh no you clash yeah like say if you're
throwing a kick with your right leg and
I'm throwing a kick with my right leg
when we throw them at the same time and
you just we're moving weird sometimes it
just goes right in the sack yeah
sometimes a kick will deflect you know
like someone will be hitting you and
you're trying to hit them in the chest
but inadvertently they catch part of
your leg and it redirects it right
towards their balls cups don't really
cover your balls that's they do new ones
do yeah they also there's a new well
there's a company called Diamond MMA and
I wear their cup when I do jujitsu and
it's a compression short with all these
straps built in and this cup that it's
got like a like a more flexible foam
rubber rubber on the outside and then a
very hard rubber that covers the like
the outside edge rather and a very hard
rubber that covers like those sack and
then and then the dick and then it fits
very snugly to your body and you could
you can get kicked in the balls pretty
hard but wow yeah it's a it's a giant
improvement yeah
but when I was a kid we didn't have that
now we had a cup that slid into a
jockstrap and a barely held in place and
one time I was in a tournament and I got
kicked in the balls so fucking I was
pretty sure this guy did it on purpose
he was he was a mean fuck I was fighting
this Korean dude he was very good and
very mean and I'm pretty sure he kicked
me in the balls on purpose because I
punched him in the face on purpose right
afternoon I was pretty sure yeah
but my ball my cup slammed into my ball
so the cup did worse than protect me and
then not protect me it actually became a
weapon against my ball right so the cup
slammed into my ball my ball swole up it
was awful it was so it was what were
those cups protecting pretty much your
shaft but not your balls they do protect
your balls a little bit under the ideal
circumstances like something comes at it
straight on and it hits the cup it's way
better they hit the cup than it is to
hit your balls by themselves it's
definitely better
but take a bicycle helmet they made
Taekwondo cups that we used to wear on
the outside that we're even better
because you'd wear them you'd have your
your pants on your like your gay pants
and then you would put the cup on over
the pants and it was they were like more
sturdy and they would tie on they would
hold them in place and it was a little
more material there so it was like it
would cover your your junk better yeah
but still sack is it's a fucking
terrible design it is a bad design
outside dangling in midair just waiting
to be hurt you ever sit on your ball oh
yeah yeah oh yeah you ever cut your dick
in a zipper no never no Oh Mike we're
underwear officer Donna have the gun
fucking commando before a dick in a
zipper yeah it's like the crown no the
shaft somewhere in the the side of the
shaft I caught it in the zipper and it
was bleeding
oh no sex for a while after that because
then you have to explain yeah like
what's on your dick fucking cotton
zipper you fucking liar you fucking liar
you're gonna give me a disease you're
such a piece of shit that's why they
invented but button fly yeah probably
right yeah I think button fly was first
was it yeah I think the old divas I
think they were all button fly they
hadn't figured out zippers yet yeah like
zippers like a list guess when do you
think they invented the zipper I want to
say like the 1800s yeah I think the I
thought the original Levi jeans had
zippers don't think so now I think
they're originally I think that's why
they call them the original button fly
yeah right
like 500 ones ya know 501 jeans yeah
button flies I remember dry humping I
was a fucking dry hump or in junior high
school man machine dude I would go all
night I would get it I was I was gifted
and you know you g you try to get your
cock right right in the middle there
right in the spot and then I was perfect
and I remember one time I'm getting a
scab I got so raw I had a scab on it
Jesus yeah
did you nut from dry humping
a couple of times but I was pretty
restrained well you got a if you dry
hump the right way to do it is with silk
pajamas oh no underwear right you see
guys I could go back in time be able to
talk to my old sub
hey dickhead fucking corduroys why you
showing up at some girl's house she's in
eighth grade
dad answers the door why are you wearing
silk pajama pants
I'm just really into so reading a lot
about trade China and is Irene here she
comes down were you wearing underwear
you piece of shit what huh you think I'm
stupid
I'm married I have children all right
I've had sex you little fuck I know what
you're doing you want dry hump my kid
oh she comes down and she's wearing silk
pajamas yeah yeah yeah dry humping man
good old days yeah remember you grab a
tittie you were so happy I can't believe
I'm hold on tit outside the shirt I was
yeah now rageous yeah you're so happy
like this is so much better than not
holding at it yeah this is as good as it
gets and then if you if you were a girl
I felt bad for girls back then because
how annoying would it be that somebody's
just what happens know what we're
talking about that you're just grabbing
their tip and you can't stop like your
she's got her bra and you wedged your
hand under her bra
yeah and he's just grabbing just
squeezing yeah
that's not pleasurable for her no
definitely not but they did it maybe she
did liked it maybe she just liked the
fact she's naughty yeah hmm so no I
couldn't fathom that girls were enjoying
fooling around for a long time I really
thought that they were just do being
nice dude I couldn't imagine that girls
like boys like why do you even like me
yeah like why do you like boys boys are
so gross
yeah you know I remember being a kid
thinking that man I'm so happy
the girls like boys but I don't
understand mmm he doesn't make sense
like why would they like us it's we
don't have any of the good things that
they have yeah they have tents have to
get wet we're ready we're dirty and
gross
they were makeup we don't they we're
gross we're stupid and we're dumb as
fuck if we are dumber too like the whole
process of men developing and getting
testosterone and going through the whole
cycle of adulthood it's just a fact that
women mature quicker they're smarter at
an earlier age so when you're 15 you got
to have a 14 year old girlfriend cuz you
have 15 year old girlfriend she's like
you fucking idiot
damn gotta get someone smarter yeah if I
get someone smarter like if you're if
you like how many guys who are 18 have a
17 year old girlfriend a lot yeah
yeah but how many guys who are 18 have a
19 year old girlfriend 19 year old girls
don't want to have anything to do with
an 18 year old moron now well they're
smarter already
yeah they're looking for a 22 year old
yep no it's so true like my daughter
said that she's like I can't she goes I
can't even talk to guys my age yes yes
they're smarter yeah they don't have to
go through that whole - that's
testosterone thing mm-hmm just all your
thinking about getting rid of loads
yeah it's you're barely thinking about
anything else studying in school oh I
know Jesus oh yeah it was pretty much
playing sports and having an orgasm that
was that was high school yes and as soon
as you found out about orgasms sports -
go back see ya a big back see yeah I
just do a bit about that my dad's like
hey how come you're not playing baseball
anymore yeah I found this new thing and
I'm Way better at this I like it more
it's more fun I always win every game
every time you come you win
yeah the crowd cheers it's like a truck
make America great again
see if you come you win you went long as
the girls not mad at you yeah
if you come the girls like what the fuck
you like yeah shit now my good moment is
done yeah yeah has to be well placed
dude it's already 6 p.m.
believe it or not Jesus Christ really
yeah let's wrap this bitch up Greg tell
everybody where you gonna be
oh geez Illyria Steiner problem they're
gonna be at the punchline in San
Francisco this week oh shit one of my
favorite clubs of all time it's the best
and then I'm coming up I'm gonna be in
Kansas City after that and then I'm
gonna be in Denver Philadelphia
Cincinnati Atlantic City go to fits
dog.com get all your tickets for all
those places whoo see tomorrow folks bye
everybody
much love
[Music]
[Applause]